Job Description

We are looking for experienced individuals who are highly independent and passionate about working in dual roles as a full-stack developer as well as a machine learning engineer to support advanced manufacturing capabilities. Innovative thinkers who are highly interested in explorations, pathfinding, and piloting new capabilities using Predictive Modeling, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Generative AI, Natural Language Processing, ML-based optimization/simulation, and other techniques Intel Foundry Manufacturing customers. If you're passionate about blending digital innovation with machine learning technicalities and want to be part of Foundry Manufacturing's cutting-edge transformation, we want to hear from you! Apply now, and let's build the future of Emerging Technology Solutions together.

Responsibilities

Uses modern software development methodologies and programming languages to solve overarching manufacturing needs.
Familiar with Machine Learning Algorithms and LLM integration.
Develop and maintain technical documentation and gather requirements for new business capabilities.
Collaborate with a dream team of innovators/developers across Agile Release Train (ART) to deliver state-of-the-art software/ML solutions.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to Collect business requirements and convert them into technical specifications.
Design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain Software and Data Platform technology stack
Keeping up to date with modern data engineering technologies through the designing, developing, and validation of ML solutions.

Qualifications

Minimum qualifications are required to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering degree, or related discipline.
3+ years of experience designing, building, deploying, and/or maintaining software/ML solutions.
Strong knowledge in building web and mobile applications and/or integrating RESTful APIs.
Strong experience in Angular 16+, .NET Core, C#, Python, SQL Database, HTML and/or JavaScript.
Knowledge of big and fast data technologies (Scala, Spark, Cassandra, Hadoop, etc.) and/or rapid prototyping frameworks (RTOS, ADTF, DDS) including Large Language Models (LLMs).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Upper Intermediate to Advanced English level.

Preferred Qualifications

Result-oriented team player with strong problem-solving skills, and the ability to work across multiple teams.
Knowledge in building machine learning workflows necessary to productize AI platforms, self-service AI solutions, or AI models and sustain them in production.
Responsible for preparing data for ML models at scale, building appropriate inference interfaces for ML model consumption, and enabling MLOps for continuous delivery platforms, scaled/POR integration, deployment, adoption, and support.

Inside this Business Group

Intel makes possible the most amazing experiences of the future. You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers, and society.

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.

Benefits

We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, as well as, benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find more information about all of our Amazing Benefits here.

Working Model

This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change.