About The Team

Come help us build the world's most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery! We're bringing on talented engineers to help us create and maintain a 24x7, no downtime, global infrastructure system that powers DoorDash’s three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.

About The Role

At DoorDash, our Data Scientists and ML Engineers have the opportunity to dive into a wealth of delivery data to improve company-wide ML workflows such as Search & Recommendations, Dasher Assignment, ETA Prediction, and Dasher Capacity Planning. You will join a small team to build systems that empower efficient machine learning at scale. This is a hybrid opportunity in San Francisco, Sunnyvale or Seattle.

You’re Excited About This Opportunity Because You Will…

Build a world-class ML platform where models are developed, trained, and deployed seamlessly
Work closely with Data Scientists and Product Engineers to evolve the ML platform as per their use cases 
You will help build high performance and flexible pipelines that can rapidly evolve to handle new technologies, techniques and modeling approaches
You will work on infrastructure designs and solutions to store trillions of feature values and power hundreds of billions of predictions a day
You will help design and drive directions for the centralized machine learning platform that powers all of DoorDash's business.
Improve the reliability, scalability, and observability of our training and inference infrastructure.

We’re Excited About You Because…

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
Exceptionally strong knowledge of CS fundamental concepts and OOP languages
6+ years of industry experience in software engineering
Prior experience building machine learning systems in production such as enabling data analytics at scale
Prior experience in machine learning - you've developed and deployed your own models - even if these are simple proof of concepts
Systems Engineering - you've built meaningful pieces of infrastructure in a cloud computing environment. Bonus if those were data processing systems or distributed systems

Nice To Haves

Experience with challenges in real-time computing
Experience with large scale distributed systems, data processing pipelines and machine learning training and serving infrastructure
Familiar with Pandas and Python machine learning libraries and deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow
Familiar with Spark, MLLib, Databricks,MLFlow, Apache Airflow, Dagster and similar related technologies.
Familiar with large language models like GPT, LLAMA, BERT, or Transformer-based architectures
Familiar with a cloud based environment such as AWS

Notice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only

We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using Covey Scout for Inbound again on June 29, 2024.

The Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: Covey

Compensation

The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. Base salary is localized according to an employee’s work location. Ranges are market-dependent and may be modified in the future.

In addition to base salary, the compensation for this role includes opportunities for equity grants. Talk to your recruiter for more information.

DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package for all regular employees that includes a 401(k) plan with an employer match, paid time off, paid parental leave, wellness benefits, and several paid holidays. Paid sick leave in compliance with applicable laws (i.e. Colorado Healthy Families and Workplaces Act).

Additionally, for full-time employees, DoorDash offers medical, dental, and vision benefits, disability and basic life insurance, family-forming assistance, a commuter benefit match, and a mental health program, among others.

To learn more about our benefits, visit our careers page here.

The base pay for this position ranges from our lowest geographical market up to our highest geographical market within California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Hawaii, Maryland, New Jersey, New York and Washington.

I4

$119,100—$175,100 USD

I5

$145,000—$213,200 USD

I6

$171,600—$252,400 USD

About DoorDash

At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods.

DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. We're committed to supporting employees’ happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.

Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital/domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on “protected categories,” we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce – people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA+, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.

If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.