Overview

Working at Atlassian

Atlassians can choose where they work – whether in an office, from home, or a combination of the two. That way, Atlassians have more control over supporting their family, personal goals, and other priorities. We can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.

Responsibilities

Atlassian is looking for a Principal Data Scientist to be the wizard who will uncover valuable insights from customer friction which will help the business improve our products. We're looking for someone with superb business instincts, comfort with executive stakeholders, proficiency in statistical analyses, expertise in NLP/LLM, experience partnering with cross-functional teams, and mentoring others on the team. This role aims to leverage basic analytics, NLP/LLM, and data science methods to identify areas of customer friction from variety of customer interaction channels and build tools and solutions that will help us identify areas to improve our products. This role is part of Service Enablement Team within Customer Support Organization.

Responsibilities

Influence strategy & important decisions around customer friction by surfacing data driven insights.
Define, set and report on department level metrics or KRs to the CSS Executive team
Build and implement measurement frameworks, machine learning models and NLP/LLM tooling to accelerate Atlassian’s growth and improve product quality.
Foster a world-class Data Science culture by leading training on technical concepts, driving continuous learning and mentoring Data Scientists on the team


Qualifications

Experience applying your Data Science skills to identify and lead projects which have had impact on business strategy and performance
8+ years of experience in Data Science or related fields. (Preferred - 10+ years experience with a post-graduate degree in a quantitative discipline like Statistics, Mathematics, Econometrics, Computer science)
Expertise in applying a broad variety of ML methods including NLP and LLM to solve business problems and a strong sense of when to apply them to the problem at hand
Experience in managing ML projects end-to-end including deployment and monitoring.
Expertise in SQL and a high level of proficiency in another data science programming language (e.g Python, R) with expertise in libraries like Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn etc.
A very high bar for output quality, while balancing "having something now" vs. "perfection in the future"
Comfort explaining complex concepts to diverse audiences and creating compelling stories for non-data experts
Proficiency in visualization tools (e.g. Streamlit, Tableau) 


Qualifications

Compensation

At Atlassian, We Strive To Design Equitable, Explainable, And Competitive Compensation Programs. To Support This Goal, The Baseline Of Our Range Is Higher Than That Of The Typical Market Range, But In Turn We Expect To Hire Most Candidates Near This Baseline. Base Pay Within The Range Is Ultimately Determined By a Candidate's Skills, Expertise, Or Experience. In The United States, We Have Three Geographic Pay Zones. For This Role, Our Current Base Pay Ranges For New Hires In Each Zone Are:

Zone A: $175,100 - $233,400

Zone B: $157,500 - $210,100

Zone C: $145,300 - $193,700

This role may also be eligible for benefits, bonuses, commissions, and equity.

Please visit go.atlassian.com/payzones for more information on which locations are included in each of our geographic pay zones. However, please confirm the zone for your specific location with your recruiter.

Our Perks & Benefits

Atlassian offers a variety of perks and benefits to support you, your family and to help you engage with your local community. Our offerings include health coverage, paid volunteer days, wellness resources, and so much more. Visit go.atlassian.com/perksandbenefits to learn more.

About Atlassian

At Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team. Our software products help teams all over the planet and our solutions are designed for all types of work. Team collaboration through our tools makes what may be impossible alone, possible together.

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

To provide you the best experience, we can support with accommodations or adjustments at any stage of the recruitment process. Simply inform our Recruitment team during your conversation with them.

To learn more about our culture and hiring process, visit go.atlassian.com/crh .