GEICO's Enterprise Voice team is seeking an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to reimagine our customers’ contact center experience. You will help drive our insurance business transformation as we redefine experience for our customers.

You will join a team of skilled software engineers as a resident AI/ML expert, supporting multiple AI automation initiatives across the contact center. We are looking for a motivated, high-energy, self-starter and problem solver with a positive attitude, and solid interpersonal and communication skills.

Position Description

Our Senior Machine Learning Engineer is a mid-level member of the Voice engineering staff ensuring we provide innovative experiences and operational excellence to our contact center agents, supervisors and customers. Our team thrives and succeeds in delivering high-quality technology products and services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift quickly. The ideal candidate has broad and deep technical knowledge in AI language services, Natural Language Processing and Generative AI.

Responsibilities

Ability to think creatively to find innovative solutions to complex ill-defined problems
Stay abreast of the latest developments in AI, incorporating new techniques and methodologies into our processes to keep us ahead in the insurance industry
Provides machine learning expertise within a team's functional area 
Consistently writes production-ready code with defined standards of readability, maintainability, reliability and testability. Helps junior team members to produce the same. 
Participates in the formulation of non-functional requirements 
Specifies the design and implementation of software modules based upon system requirements and architectural guidance 

Basic Qualifications:

Strong foundation in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Experienced in Natural Language Processing and AI language services
Knowledgeable in Generative AI, Large Language Models, OpenAI APIs, prompt engineering
Familiar with Responsible AI principles, model evaluation and monitoring
Strong Python and SQL programming skills. Experience using Jupyter notebooks or similar tools. Experience with Github or other source code management platforms
Experience building configurable AI/ML data pipelines through the complete ML Ops lifecycle. 
Working knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Spark, Data lake, MLflow, Snowflake, Elasticsearch. 
Experience with cloud providers, preferably Amazon Web Services and/or Azure
Ability to explain AI/ML concepts to technical and non-technical audience
Ability to coach and guide other engineers in shaping ill-defined data needs into concrete project deliverables
Ability to develop collaborative relationships with multi-functional teams

Preferred Qualifications

Generative AI Retrieval Augmented Generation and AI agents
Experience working with chatbots and Conversational AI
Developing omni-channel (voice, chat, SMS) Contact Center solutions including natural language processing and speech-enabled grammar
Experience with Amazon Web Services including Sagemaker, Bedrock, Lambda, S3, Connect, Lex, DynamoDB, API Gateway, CloudWatch
Experience with Machine Learning frameworks and tools like TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn. 
Familiar with Microservices development, Swagger, Postman
Building test suite and frameworks to automate end to end testing 
Experience with open source libraries and frameworks
Experience working in an Agile environment (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe) 

Experience

4+ years of hands-on experience in building AI/ML solutions in a production environment 
4+ years of professional software development experience
2+ years of experience with architecture and design
2+ years of experience in open source frameworks
1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Azure, or another cloud service
1+ years of experience in Natural Language Processing, Generative AI or Language services 

Education

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or equivalent education or work experience. Master’s degree preferred.

Annual Salary

$70,000.00 - $230,000.00

The above annual salary range is a general guideline. Multiple factors are taken into consideration to arrive at the final hourly rate/ annual salary to be offered to the selected candidate. Factors include, but are not limited to, the scope and responsibilities of the role, the selected candidate’s work experience, education and training, the work location as well as market and business considerations.

At this time, GEICO will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

Benefits:

As an Associate, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:

Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
401(k) Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service. 
Coverage begins on the date of hire. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect. 

The equal employment opportunity policy of the GEICO Companies provides for a fair and equal employment opportunity for all associates and job applicants regardless of race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, familial status, disability or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. GEICO hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.

GEICO reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and associates. GEICO also provides a work environment in which each associate is able to be productive and work to the best of their ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all associates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all associates and applicants.