Genies is culture’s avatar technology company empowering developers and artists to create their own interoperable gamified consumer experiences. The company has raised $250 million from investors including Silver Lake, BOND, NEA, and Bob Iger. Initially, Genies were adopted by thousands of Hollywood icons including Justin Bieber and Rihanna through partnerships with Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group. Today, the company is also delivering avatars to the masses through experiences built with its Developer Kit and artist crowdsourced platform, The Workshop. These experiences all integrate together to form one avatar social network, Genies Party.

Genies is seeking experienced senior and mid-level Machine Learning Engineers to join our growing team and contribute to our R&D initiatives. In this role, you will be instrumental in designing, developing, and deploying machine learning models that produce high-quality 3D assets for our avatar creation ecosystem. Collaborating closely with our engineering and creative teams, you will incorporate AI and machine learning capabilities into our creator tools and product offerings. This opportunity not only allows you to join a dynamic startup at the forefront of a new industry and emerging technologies, but also to become one of the pioneering engineers shaping the future of consumer self-expression and creativity. We believe that the future of consumer social experiences will be consumer, creator and developer driven, and we are looking for a thought partner who can assist us in accomplishing our vision of transforming digital identity, representation, and social experiences.

What You'll Be Doing

Collaborate with R&D and Application teams to integrate AI/ML solutions into our avatar creation ecosystem, leveraging advanced 3D computer vision (CV) and computer graphics (CG) techniques.
Design, train, fine-tune, accelerate, optimize, and deploy ML models and technical frameworks.
Utilize a strong understanding of computer graphics pipelines, computational geometry, and 3D principles to synthesize meshes, images, and/or motion.
Apply practical expertise in implementing white paper concepts to develop user-facing creative technologies.
Manage ML framework resources and infrastructure, including dataset management, client/cloud computing options, experiment tracking and model deployment techniques.
Partner with Product and Creative teams to refine AI/ML-powered creation tools and interfaces.
Communicate technical decisions and project updates to stakeholders such as engineers, designers, and product managers.
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies in AI and advise on their strategic integration into innovative solutions.

Minimum Qualifications

Master’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Graphics, or a related field with a strong emphasis on machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Minimum of 3 years of professional industry / research experience in machine learning, computer vision, or computer graphics.
Proficiency in Python programming and extensive experience with AI/DL Frameworks (e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow)
Experience in multimodal training for 3D computer vision and graphics, such as:
Generative models (e.g., diffusion, GANs, VAEs, flow-based)
Advanced architectures like Transformers
Volumetric differentiable rendering techniques with Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) or Gaussian Splatting
Excellent teamwork skills, effective in working with cross-functional teams and engaging stakeholders.
Ability to communicate complex ideas to non-technical audiences.
Background in computer graphics, computational geometry, and 3D principles is a plus.
Preferred Qualifications

Industry experience with AI-driven content creation as it relates to games or animation, including:
3D reconstruction 
Object and body tracking
3D geometry analysis (segmentation & tagging)
Generative models for avatars and textures
Avatar behavioral systems.
Publication track record at top conferences (e.g., SIGGRAPH, CVPR, NeurIPS, ECCV, ICCV, ICML)
Contributions to popular open-source machine learning projects
How Genies Will Support You

Genies is a well-funded, growing start-up that cares deeply about each of our employees' growth and success. Our roles and their responsibilities are created with a breadth of scope that introduces each employee to exciting new challenges and opportunities that a growing start-up encounters. The actual base pay is dependent upon a number of factors, including: professional background, training, transferable skills, work experience, education, location, business and product needs, and market demand. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. Full-time employees may also be eligible for equity compensation, in addition to a robust health, wellness, and benefits package.

Starting Salary Range: $165,000 - $230,000

Here's Why You'll Love Working At Genies

You'll work with a team that you’ll be able to learn from and grow with, including support for your own professional development
You'll be at the helm of your own career, shaping it with your own innovative contributions to a nascent team and product with flexible hours and a work from home policy
You'll enjoy the culture and perks of a startup, with the stability of being well funded 
Comprehensive health insurance for you and your family (Anthem + Kaiser Options Available), Dental and Vision Insurance
Competitive salaries and 401K program for all full time employees 
Flexible paid time off, sick time, and paid company holidays, in addition to paid parental leave, bereavement leave, and jury duty leave for full-time employees
Health & wellness support through programs such as monthly wellness reimbursement 
Working in a brand new, bright, open-environment and fun office space - there’s even a slide! 
Choice of MacBook or windows laptop

Genies is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value diversity, inclusion, and aim to provide a sense of belonging for everyone.