Why us?

We believe that AI has the potential to revolutionize how cancer and other complex diseases are diagnosed and treated. We also believe that AI is a tool, not an identity – without access to high quality data and a scientifically rigorous, transparent approach to model development, AI is just a buzzword. That’s where we come in.

Aignostics is a spin-off from one of Europe's largest and most prestigious university hospitals (Charité), with employees in Berlin and New York. We have received over $50M in funding from leading investors and are a growing team of over 100 interdisciplinary professionals. We work with academic partners as well as leading global life sciences companies.

As a Machine Learning Engineer(d/f/m) at Aignostics, you work hand in hand with our collaborators in academia and industry to push the state of the art of machine learning for digital pathology. You will develop distributed software systems for machine learning applications that will help to improve cancer research and diagnostics. Together with your colleagues you will take care of the machine learning software stack and thereby enable our teams to build medical grade quality and scalable machine learning models.

At Aignostics, we believe that fighting cancer is a job for people of all identities, backgrounds, and cultures. We value and celebrate diversity and inclusion and are committed to offering equal employment and promotion opportunities for all applicants and employees. Applicants will be considered regardless of their age, disability, ethnicity, race, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, etc. We thrive through collaboration and believe the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.

Please note that this position is intended for software engineers with some data science experience, for a data scientist / machine learning / deep learning position please checkout our Data Scientist opening.

Where your expertise is needed 

Implement, improve and maintain ML pipelines to make them usable, efficient and scalable.
Engage in code reviews, upholding high standards for clean, reliable code.
Embrace learning new technologies, fostering innovation, and tackling diverse challenges.
Work in an agile development environment and clearly communicate your results to the team.

What We Are Looking For

Degree in Computer Science or an engineering focused field
2+ years of work experience in software development
Advanced skills in Python, data technologies and computer science in general
Experience with Linux, version control and container technologies
Driven self-starter, well-organized, and a strong team player

Nice to have

Good understanding of distributed systems, parallel computing, system efficiency and scalability
Good understanding of machine learning and data science
Experience with MLOps / DevOps, cloud technologies (Kubernetes) and orchestration
Exposure to biomedical data
Experience software development in regulated environments, specifically considering Information Security criteria under ISO 27001

We are still keen to hear from you if you don't match all the above points! Our needs are diverse and growing and you are encouraged to apply if you have any combination of these skills. The recruitment process is a comparative exercise and decisions will be made based on the applications we review at each time.

Our offer

Join a purpose-driven start up: We are working collectively to fight cancer and improve patient outcomes. Come help us make a difference!
Cutting-edge AI research and development, with involvement of Charité, TU Berlin and our other partners
Work with a welcoming, diverse and highly international team of colleagues 
Opportunity to take responsibility and grow your role within the startup
Expand your skills by benefitting from our Learning & Development yearly budget of 1,000€ (plus 2 L&D days), language classes and internal development programs
Mentoring program, you’ll learn from great experts
Flexible working hours and teleworking policy
Enjoy your well-deserved time off within our 28 paid vacations days per year
We are family & pet friendly and support flexible parental leave options
Pick a subsidized membership of your choice among public transport sports and well-being
Enjoy our social gatherings, lunches, and off-site events for a fun and inclusive work environment

Join us to make a difference!

About Us

aignostics.com