Our mission ? Creating the freedom for SMEs to succeed in business and beyond, by delivering Europe’s leading finance workspace. We combine business-class tools (seamless invoicing, spend management, and pre-accounting) with unwaveringly attentive 24/7 support, designed to help businesses breeze through all things finance.

Our journey: Founded by Alexandre and Steve in July 2017, Qonto has rapidly gained trust, serving over 500,000 customers. Thanks to our wonderful team of 1,600+ Qontoers, we also made it to the LinkedIn Top Companies French ranking!

Our values: 

Customer focus | Prioritize customers in everything you do

Ownership | Own your part, get things done

Teamwork | Make (team)work easy

Mastery | Continuously raise the bar

Integrity | Always do what’s right, and respect people

Our beliefs: At Qonto, we're committed to fostering a welcoming environment where everyone can thrive. We prioritize evaluating applicants based solely on skills and potential, ensuring diversity with 50% international team members, 44% women, and 20% parents. Join us in building a workplace that celebrates diversity and individuality.

Discover the steps we took to create a discrimination-free hiring process .

Join us as a Senior Machine Learning Engineer to build and deploy impactful machine learning models that directly enhance Qonto's user experience. You'll be working on critical features for our 500,000+ customers.

You will work closely with Marianne Ducournau and join a team of 6 Machine Learning Engineers and 1 Data Engineer, creating innovative solutions that are at the core of Qonto's financial services.

👩💻🧑💻 As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer at Qonto, you will:

Deliver new models end-to-end, from understanding product requirements to implementation and deployment:
Align with various stakeholders, including Product Managers, Data Engineers, and Backend Engineers to ensure seamless integration of ML solutions into the product ecosystem
Develop models: design, train, evaluate, and iterate on ML models using modern techniques tailored to real business problems
Put models into production with robust technical implementation and quality assurance processes
Scale our solutions:
Create an ML Ops framework for the team to ensure our models scale effectively with proper monitoring and alerts (e.g., model drift detection, performance tracking, automated retraining pipelines)
Share best practices within the ML team, contributing to internal knowledge, tooling improvements, and mentoring peers

🤔 What you can expect:

Market/Team Context: Your work will have visible and direct impact on Qonto's users and experience.
Methodologies and tools: We use a modern tech stack including Python, Cursor, Snowflake, Kafka, Kibana, PostgreSQL, Airflow, AWS tools, Prometheus, ArgoCD, and GitHub. You'll have the freedom to A/B test any tool as long as it helps reach the target.
Growth opportunities: There's a clear individual contributor track for those who want to become experts in their field.

🤝 Your Future Manager

Your Future Manager will be Marianne , Head of Data Products.

Her background?

After her experience in famous tech organizations where she managed Data Science teams in the Finance department, Marianne joined Qonto 3 years ago to build our Data Science team!

What does she bring to the team?

As an expert in her field, she has hands-on experience in implementing Data Science models to serve cross-functional teams and deliver actionable insights. Marianne also has a true passion for mentoring and coaching the team.

🏅About You:

Experience: You have 3+ years of experience in Machine Learning Engineering and ML Ops skills; you're familiar with tools that automate model retraining and performance checking.
Modeling expertise: You have experience building and optimizing machine learning models, particularly in areas like computer vision, NLP, or transaction classification.
Software Engineering: You're proficient at writing resilient, high-quality, testable code in Python, and you understand how to integrate with third-party services and databases at scale.
Problem-solving: You have a proven track record of identifying complex problems and implementing effective solutions in machine learning contexts.
Proactivity: You take the initiative to improve processes and don't wait for problems to arise before addressing them.
Language: You are fluent in English.

At Qonto we understand that true diversity isn't just about ticking boxes on a hiring checklist. Apply regardless of the boxes you tick! Who knows? You may have the missing piece of the puzzle we've been searching for all along.

🎁 Perks

A tailor-made and dynamic career track. An inclusive work environment. And so much more to help you succeed.

Offices in Paris, Berlin, Milan, Barcelona, and Belgrade;
Tailor-made remote work policy depending on the job you apply for and where you live;
Competitive salary package;
A meal voucher;
Public transportation reimbursement (part or global);
A great health insurance (depending on the country);
Employee well-being initiatives: access to Moka Care to take care of your mental health and great offers for sports and wellness activities;
A progressive disability and parenthood policy (1 in 6 of Qonto employees is a parent!) and childcare benefits with selected partners;
Monthly team events.

💬 Our hiring process:

Interviews with your Talent Acquisition Manager and future managers
A remote exercise to demonstrate your skills and give you a taste of what working at Qonto could be like

Find more information about our interview process on our careers website .

On average, our process lasts 20 working days and offers usually follow within 48 hours 🤞

To learn more about us:

Qonto's Blog | Les Échos I L'Usine Digitale | Courrier Cadres

To know how your personal data will be processed during your application process or to request its deletion, please click here .