Job Description

J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world’s most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives.

As a Machine Learning Software Engineer at JPMorgan Chase within the Corporate Oversight and Governance Technology AI/ML team, you serve as a seasoned member of an agile team to design and deliver trusted market-leading technology products in a secure, stable, and scalable way. You are responsible for carrying out critical technology solutions across multiple technical areas within various business functions in support of the firm’s business objectives.

Job Responsibilities

Work with product managers, data scientists, ML engineers, and other stakeholders to understand requirements.
Design, develop, and deploy state-of-the-art AI/ML/LLM/GenAI solutions to meet business objectives.
Develop and maintain automated pipelines for model deployment, ensuring scalability, reliability, and efficiency.
Implement optimization strategies to fine-tune generative models for specific NLP use cases, ensuring high-quality outputs in summarization and text generation.
Conduct thorough evaluations of generative models (e.g., GPT-4), iterate on model architectures, and implement improvements to enhance overall performance in NLP applications.
Implement monitoring mechanisms to track model performance in real-time and ensure model reliability.
Communicate AI/ML/LLM/GenAI capabilities and results to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Stay informed about the latest trends and advancements in the latest AI/ML/LLM/GenAI research, implement cutting-edge techniques, and leverage external APIs for enhanced functionality.

Required Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field
3-5 years of demonstrated experience in applied AI/ML engineering, with a track record of developing and deploying business critical machine learning models in production.
Proficiency in programming languages like Python for model development, experimentation, and integration with OpenAI API.
Experience with machine learning frameworks, libraries, and APIs, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, and OpenAI API.
Experience with cloud computing platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform), containerization technologies (e.g., Docker and Kubernetes), and microservices design, implementation, and performance optimization.
Solid understanding of fundamentals of statistics, machine learning (e.g., classification, regression, time series, deep learning, reinforcement learning), and generative model architectures, particularly GANs, VAEs.
Ability to identify and address AI/ML/LLM/GenAI challenges, implement optimizations and fine-tune models for optimal performance in NLP applications.
Strong collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams, communicate complex concepts, and contribute to interdisciplinary projects.

Preferred Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Familiarity with the financial services industries.
Expertise in designing and implementing pipelines using Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG).
Hands-on knowledge of Chain-of-Thoughts, Tree-of-Thoughts, Graph-of-Thoughts prompting strategies.
A portfolio showcasing successful applications of generative models in NLP projects, including examples of utilizing OpenAI APIs for prompt engineering.

ABOUT US

JPMorganChase, one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set and location. Those in eligible roles may receive commission-based pay and/or discretionary incentive compensation, paid in the form of cash and/or forfeitable equity, awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Veterans

About The Team

Our Corporate Technology team relies on smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support for all our corporate functions across our network. Your efforts will touch lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and within the Corporate Administrative Office. You’ll be part of a team specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as our technology controls agenda.