The Division of Engineering at New York University Abu Dhabi is inviting applications for a Research Associate position in the Traffic Flow Dynamics and Computations group, which Prof. Saif Eddin Jabari supervises. The group focuses on the theoretical aspects of traffic and transportation systems and develops and analyzes novel ML/AI methods for systems engineering problems.

We seek a highly motivated Research Associate with a strong background in applied mathematics, machine learning, and physical modeling. The successful candidate will work with a team of researchers to develop innovative ML/AI algorithms for time series with chaotic shocks and contribute to the team’s research on autonomous vehicle security. Applicants must have a Ph.D. degree (or equivalent) in applied mathematics, physics, computer science, engineering, or a related field with demonstrable expertise in ML/AI.

The terms of employment for these positions include a very competitive salary with additional attractive benefits, including generous housing allowance, medical insurance with access to world-class facilities, annual home leave allowance, and (if applicable) dependent private school fees. Salaries are tax-free in the UAE (for US tax, the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion can be used). The researchers will have dedicated funds for traveling, computing, publications, and access to excellent world-class research facilities.

The preferred starting date is June 2025.

Applicants must submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of research interests, two letters of reference, and a transcript all in PDF format.

Please visit our website at http://nyuad.nyu.edu/en/about/careers/faculty-positions.html for instructions and information on how to apply.

Questions regarding specifics for this position may be directed to Prof. Saif Eddin Jabari sej7@nyu.edu.

About NYUAD

NYU Abu Dhabi is a degree-granting research university with a fully integrated liberal arts and science undergraduate program in the Arts, Sciences, Social Sciences, Humanities, and Engineering. NYU Abu Dhabi, NYU New York, and NYU Shanghai, form the backbone of NYU’s global network university, an interconnected network of portal campuses and academic centers across six continents that enable seamless international mobility of students and faculty in their pursuit of academic and scholarly activity. This global university represents a transformative shift in higher education, one in which the intellectual and creative endeavors of academia are shaped and examined through an international and multicultural perspective. As a major intellectual hub at the crossroads of the Arab world, NYUAD serves as a center for scholarly thought, advanced research, knowledge creation, and sharing, through its academic, research, and creative activities.

EOE/AA/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Employer.

UAE Nationals are encouraged to apply.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

For people in the EU, click here for information on your privacy rights under GDPR: www.nyu.edu/it/gdpr

NYU is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a policy of equal treatment and opportunity in every aspect of its recruitment and hiring process without regard to age, alienage, caregiver status, childbirth, citizenship status, color, creed, disability, domestic violence victim status, ethnicity, familial status, gender and/or gender identity or expression, marital status, military status, national origin, parental status, partnership status, predisposing genetic characteristics, pregnancy, race, religion, reproductive health decision making, sex, sexual orientation, unemployment status, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Women, racial and ethnic minorities, persons of minority sexual orientation or gender identity, individuals with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply for vacant positions at all levels.

Sustainability Statement 

NYU aims to be among the greenest urban campuses in the country and carbon neutral by 2040. Learn more at nyu.edu/sustainability