Working with Us

Challenging. Meaningful. Life-changing. Those aren't words that are usually associated with a job. But working at Bristol Myers Squibb is anything but usual. Here, uniquely interesting work happens every day, in every department. From optimizing a production line to the latest breakthroughs in cell therapy, this is work that transforms the lives of patients, and the careers of those who do it. You'll get the chance to grow and thrive through opportunities uncommon in scale and scope, alongside high-achieving teams. Take your career farther than you thought possible.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives. Read more careers.bms.com/working-with-us .

We seek an enthusiastic and team-oriented scientist to join our Cheminformatics and Machine Learning Team. This individual will directly contribute to small molecule discovery projects that advance drug candidates - from hit identification through candidate nomination.

The successful candidate will perform key research activities, including

applying machine learning methods to drive chemical structure optimization within the context of therapeutic projects
leveraging generative AI to guide molecule ideation in partnership with medicinal chemists
disseminating successful approaches across the computational chemistry department to enable uptake and impact on several discovery projects

This individual will join a research team with a track record of pipeline impact across modalities and across therapeutic areas. You will be able to perform meaningful research, work with scientists across disciplines, and pursue the discovery and development of life-changing therapies.

Responsibilities

Build and deploy deep learning models to predict molecular attributes related to therapeutic action, ADME, and toxicity.
Explore approaches to combine machine learning and physics-based to drive small molecule design cycles (e.g., active learning)
Apply data science and informatics methods to analyze chemistry and screening dataset from internal and partner sources.
Collaborate as a member of cross-functional teams to validate in silico findings
Communicate results and methods to internal research teams

Basic Qualifications 

Ph.D. and no experience required, OR Master's Degree with 3+ years of academic / industry experience, OR Bachelor's Degree with 5+ years of academic / industry experience.

Preferred Experience

Ph.D. with machine learning focus in computational chemistry, computer science, or a related field with applications to molecular design. Postdoctoral or industry experience a plus.
Expertise in programming and scripting languages (e.g., Python) and machine learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch)
Expertise in cheminformatics and software and tools (e.g., RDKit, DeepChem) and data science software libraries (e.g., Polars).
Demonstrated ability to critically assess experimental data and to develop appropriate machine learning solutions
Strong willingness to collaborate across functional teams in a multidisciplinary work environment.
Aptitude and desire to learn and apply new techniques is expected as well as personal attributes of integrity, creativity, problem solving, and a strong work ethic.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

If you come across a role that intrigues you but doesn't perfectly line up with your resume, we encourage you to apply anyway. You could be one step away from work that will transform your life and career.

Uniquely Interesting Work, Life-changing Careers

With a single vision as inspiring as Transforming patients' lives through science™ , every BMS employee plays an integral role in work that goes far beyond ordinary. Each of us is empowered to apply our individual talents and unique perspectives in a supportive culture, promoting global participation in clinical trials, while our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

On-site Protocol

BMS has an occupancy structure that determines where an employee is required to conduct their work. This structure includes site-essential, site-by-design, field-based and remote-by-design jobs. The occupancy type that you are assigned is determined by the nature and responsibilities of your role

Site-essential roles require 100% of shifts onsite at your assigned facility. Site-by-design roles may be eligible for a hybrid work model with at least 50% onsite at your assigned facility. For these roles, onsite presence is considered an essential job function and is critical to collaboration, innovation, productivity, and a positive Company culture. For field-based and remote-by-design roles the ability to physically travel to visit customers, patients or business partners and to attend meetings on behalf of BMS as directed is an essential job function.

BMS is dedicated to ensuring that people with disabilities can excel through a transparent recruitment process, reasonable workplace accommodations/adjustments and ongoing support in their roles. Applicants can request a reasonable workplace accommodation/adjustment prior to accepting a job offer. If you require reasonable accommodations/adjustments in completing this application, or in any part of the recruitment process, direct your inquiries to adastaffingsupport@bms.com . Visit careers.bms.com/ eeo -accessibility to access our complete Equal Employment Opportunity statement.

BMS cares about your well-being and the well-being of our staff, customers, patients, and communities. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that all employees be fully vaccinated for Covid-19 and keep up to date with Covid-19 boosters.

BMS will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, pursuant to applicable laws in your area.

If you live in or expect to work from Los Angeles County if hired for this position, please visit this page for important additional information https //careers.bms.com/california-residents/

Any data processed in connection with role applications will be treated in accordance with applicable data privacy policies and regulations.