
About the job

Share this job

         

For our research & development team at Transformers we are now looking for an R&D Engineer with expertise in the area of artificial intelligence and Automation. You will join our team to develop smart solutions for future generations of power transformers and transformer components. Your focus will be technical contribution towards data analysis, image recognition, automation solution, investigation, and coordination of improvements within Transformers. You will also have ability to work with cross-competence topics and contribute to development of new and innovative solutions in different areas.

You will work in dynamic, motivated, and creative team with a wide range of experience and competence. Through your research projects you will become part of global community that will shape and help you to develop your career into a technical or managerial leader!

Your Responsibilities

    Run, within the Artificial Intelligence field, feasibility studies, propose, and develop new technical concepts, design, and implement new solutions.
    Integrating AI projects within our production leading the way towards the industry 4.0 revolution.
    Organize prototyping and testing activities to validate new technologies/algorithms.
    Provide technical support to factories in the field of operational excellence and improving the processes as well as data analysis of different stages of the production.
    Have global collaboration with scientists of Hitachi energy’s research teams and technology centers, technology managers and engineers from the various factories.
    Be an active member in further strengthening the collaboration with universities and research institutes.

Your background

    You have experience working in the field of Data Science and a degree in software engineering or equivalent.
    You also have experience in integration of a system with different existing hardware as well as building new setups from scratch. Experience with Artificial Intelligence Vision Systems is a plus.
    You have sound analytical skills and have ambition towards applying new and innovative solutions to improve the current solutions.
    You are a team player who enjoys collaborating with others to achieve great results.
    Preferably you also have experience in, or ability to develop, project management and technical leadership skills.
    You have good communication skills and are fluent in English, both written and spoken

What We Offer

    Collective agreement 
    Flexible working time 
    Health care and wellness allowance 
    Fantastic career possibilities within Hitachi Energy both within Sweden and globally 
    Mentor to support you throughout onboard phase 
    Various trainings and education supporting employee development 
    Diversified company with over 70+ nationalities working in Sweden 
    Supplementary compensation for parental leave 
    Employee Benefit Portal with thousands of discounts and perks 
    More benefits could be connected to this specific role

Additional Information

Are you ready for an exciting new challenge? Does the above description sound like you? Applications will be reviewed on an ongoing basis, so don’t delay – apply today!

Recruiting Manager Nima Sadr-Momtazi, nima.sadr-momtazi@hitachienergy.com, will answer your questions about the position.  Union representatives - Sveriges Ingenjörer: Håkan Blomquist, +46 107-38 31 52; Unionen: Tomas L. Gustafsson, +46 107-38 27 47; Ledarna: Frank Hollstedt, +46 107-38 70 43. All other questions can be directed to Recruiter Gustaf Hedström, gustaf.hedstrom@hitachienergy.com.

 Apply now 

Location Ludvika, Dalarna County, Sweden Job type Full time Experience Experienced Job function Engineering & Science Contract Regular Publication date 2024-10-01 Reference number R0052858
