At KPMG, you can become an integral part of a dynamic team at one of the world's top tax firms. Enjoy a collaborative, future-forward culture that empowers your success. Work with KPMG's extensive network of specialists & enjoy access to our Ignition Centers, where deep industry knowledge merges with cutting-edge technologies to create innovative tax solutions. Join a diverse team helping high-profile clients understand, analyze, and respond to complex business opportunities and challenges. Develop your career through a range of multifaceted engagements, formal training, and informal mentoring. At KPMG, we believe nothing is more important than investing in our culture because it's an investment in our people, our future, and what we stand for as a firm

KPMG is currently seeking a Senior Associate to join our Economic & Statistical Consulting practice.

Responsibilities:

Perform statistical, economic, and financial analysis on economic, regulatory and policy issues of significance to a range of clients in the public and private sectors, both domestically and internationally
Develop and apply complex financial, mathematical, and machine learning models to analyze data
Advance mathematical and computational models to simulate impact of policy changes or business decisions
Manipulate large data sets to support statistical, economic, financial analyses and apply creative, innovative, lateral thinking to problem solving
Craft rigorous, insightful narratives on the issues under analysis and translate these into informative professional reports and presentations as needed 
Write technical and non-technical memoranda and reports based on research and findings from analyses

Qualifications:

A minimum of two years of experience with machine learning models within a quantitative analysis firm 
Bachelor's degree in Digital Humanities, Physics, Mathematics, Mathematical Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, or Information Management from an accredited college/university; coursework or minor in Information Systems, Software Engineering, Computer Science or Data and Analytics is preferred
Experience with management and analysis of large volumes of data, financial and statistical analysis, building and working with economic or mathematical models, and econometric analyses
Expertise in Python and prior experience with other data analysis software, such as STATA, SAS, SQL, R, SPSS, Matlab, Fortran, and Splus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, solid research skills, and the ability to work well both autonomously and in a team environment
Strong organizational skills and comfortable with multi-tasking

KPMG complies with all local/state regulations regarding displaying salary ranges. If required, the ranges displayed below or via the URL below are specifically for those potential hires who will work in the location(s) listed. Any offered salary is determined based on relevant factors such as applicant's skills, job responsibilities, prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications and market considerations. In addition, the firm is proud to offer a comprehensive, competitive benefits package, with options designed to help you make the best decisions for yourself, your family, and your lifestyle. Available benefits are based on eligibility. Our Total Rewards package includes a variety of medical and dental plans, vision coverage, disability and life insurance, 401(k) plans, and a robust suite of personal well-being benefits to support your mental health. Depending on job classification, standard work hours, and years of service, KPMG provides Personal Time Off per fiscal year. Additionally, each year the firm publishes a calendar of holidays to be observed during the year and provides two firmwide breaks each year where employees will not be required to use Personal Time Off; one is at year end and the other is around the July 4th holiday. Additional details about our benefits can be found towards the bottom of our KPMG US Careers site at “Benefits & How We Work”.

Follow this link to obtain salary ranges by city outside of CA:

https://kpmg.com/us/en/how-we-work/pay-transparency.html/?id=M302B_4_25

KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.

KPMG does not currently require partners or employees to be fully vaccinated or test negative for COVID-19 in order to go to KPMG offices, client sites or KPMG events, except when mandated by federal, state or local law. In some circumstances, clients also may require proof of vaccination or testing (e.g., to go to the client site).

KPMG recruits on a rolling basis. Candidates are considered as they apply, until the opportunity is filled. Candidates are encouraged to apply expeditiously to any role(s) for which they are qualified that is also of interest to them.

Los Angeles County applicants: Material job duties for this position are listed above. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness, and safeguard business operations and company reputation. Pursuant to the California Fair Chance Act, Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.