WorldQuant develops and deploys systematic financial strategies across a broad range of asset classes and global markets. We seek to produce high-quality predictive signals (alphas) through our proprietary research platform to employ financial strategies focused on market inefficiencies. Our teams work collaboratively to drive the production of alphas and financial strategies – the foundation of a balanced, global investment platform.

WorldQuant is built on a culture that pairs academic sensibility with accountability for results. Employees are encouraged to think openly about problems, balancing intellectualism and practicality. Excellent ideas come from anyone, anywhere. Employees are encouraged to challenge conventional thinking and possess an attitude of continuous improvement.

Our goal is to hire the best and the brightest. We value intellectual horsepower first and foremost, and people who demonstrate an outstanding talent. There is no roadmap to future success, so we need people who can help us build it.

Technologists at WorldQuant research, design, code, test and deploy firmwide platforms and tooling while working collaboratively with researchers and portfolio managers. Our environment is relaxed yet intellectually driven. We seek people who think in code and are motivated by being around like-minded people.

The Role: WorldQuant is seeking an exceptional individual to join the firm as an LLM Developer with a focus on Data Intelligence. While prior finance experience is not required, a successful candidate must possess a strong interest in learning about finance and global markets. The successful individual will design, code, test and implement proprietary Machine Learning systems and tools to drive our business strategies. You will collaborate with other teams to gather, analyze and spec out requirements, develop/test code, and manage product deliverables.

What You’ll Bring

Experience working with large language models such as OpenAI's GPT-4 and embedding models, as well as other NLP technologies.
Experience with Agent development based on technologies such as Langchain or Huggingface.
Practical experience with AI/ML platforms such as Vertex AI.
Knowledge of vector databases (such as Pinecone, Milvus, Faiss, etc.) will be a major plus.
A strong background in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Familiarity with Python and common data libraries (Pandas, Numpy, etc.)
Knowledge of cloud environments, preferably GCP.
An eagerness to learn about new business areas and technologies.
Strong problem-solving skills, along with clear and concise communication.

What We Offer

Competitive compensation package 
Core benefits include: premium private health insurance and life insurance with savings plan 
Support for every aspect of life through Employee Assistance Program and fully covered sick leave 
Strong culture of learning and development: training courses, library, guest speakers, share and learn events, global conferences 
Regular offsite team buildings, annual conferences and occasional global summits – opportunity to travel and connect with our local and global teams 
Employee resources groups with strong diversity and inclusion culture 

By submitting this application, you acknowledge and consent to terms of the WorldQuant Privacy Policy. The privacy policy offers an explanation of how and why your data will be collected, how it will be used and disclosed, how it will be retained and secured, and what legal rights are associated with that data (including the rights of access, correction, and deletion). The policy also describes legal and contractual limitations on these rights. The specific rights and obligations of individuals living and working in different areas may vary by jurisdiction.

Copyright © 2025 WorldQuant, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

WorldQuant is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation or preference, age, marital status, citizenship, national origin, disability, military status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other protected characteristic as established by applicable law.