Quadric has created an innovative general purpose neural processing unit (GPNPU) architecture. Quadric's co-optimized software and hardware is targeted to run neural network (NN) inference workloads in a wide variety of edge and endpoint devices, ranging from battery operated smart-sensor systems to high-performance automotive or autonomous vehicle systems. Unlike other NPUs or neural network accelerators in the industry today that can only accelerate a portion of a machine learning graph, the Quadric GPNPU executes both NN graph code and conventional C++ DSP and control code.

Role

The Field Application Engineer (FAE) will work closely with Business Development, Product, and Engineering to provide pre-and post-sales technical customer support. This position requires excellent customer communication and troubleshooting skills to conduct remote and on-site training and product presentations. This position is a technical position that will require additional skills such as system debugging, coding, scripting. Candidates are expected to work independently and acquire expert-level skills with the in-house built product line including HPC Hardware (IP, Chips, Boards), SDK, Algorithms (NN, DSP, Vision, Path Planning, etc.).

Responsibilities

Work with Business Development to sell the technology from quadric.io
Work with customers to install SDK and algorithms and analyze customer systems to determine the best HW/SW solutions for their system.
Analyze technological problems brought in by customers and communicate with engineering for the best solution..
Work with business development to prepare technical proposals and statements of work, working with the customer to gather requirements.
Set up regular technical discussions with customers to help them understand quadric deliverables and resolving customer issues with engineering support as well as conduct regular follow-up and monitoring.
Deliver periodic training sessions
Coordinate with the Sales and Engineering team in designing proper application systems and formulating the product specifications according to the customer's needs.
Interface with product marketing and engineering
Conduct project feasibility studies
Some travel required

Requirements

Bachelor’s in computer science and/or Electronics Engineering field. 
Minimum 3+ years experience working with customers/business development supporting SDKs. 
Must be able to demonstrate basic knowledge of software perception systems, and/or Computer Vision. 
Proficiency in Python.
Experience describing, building, running and deploying Docker containers.
Experience with Linux or Unix based operating systems.
Experience with at least one of the following neural network / machine learning frameworks: PyTorch, Tensorflow, Tensorflow-Lite.
Experience quantizing, running and debugging neural networks with ONNX runtime a plus.
Experience supporting parallel C / C++ languages a plus (CUDA, OpenVX, NEON, etc.)
Solid understanding of intermediate git concepts such as branching, rebasing, merge conflict resolution, etc.
Ability to methodically debug problems, relay information to the engineering team, and test and deploy system updates and upgrades. 

Benefits

Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)
Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays)
Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity)
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Training & Development
Work From Home
Free Food & Snacks
Stock Option Plan