Description

THIS IS PART TIME - Shift options are:

Monday– Friday from 8AM – 6PM

Saturday 9AM – 1PM

If you are Interested in a Second Shift Please let us know

AI is the most transformational technology of our time, capable of tackling some of humanity’s most challenging problems. Amazon is investing in generative AI and the responsible development and deployment of large language models (LLMs) across all of our businesses. Come build the future of human-technology interaction with us.

We are looking for those candidates who just don’t think out of the box, but make the box they are in ‘Bigger’. The future is now, do you want to be a part of it? Then read on!

Key job responsibilities

Maintain and follow strict confidentiality as customer privacy is our most important tenet
Work with a range of different types of data including, but not limited to: text, speech, audio, image, and video
Deliver high-quality labelled data, using guidelines provided to meet our KPIs and using in-house tools and software, as part of Amazon's commitment to developing and deploying AI responsibly.
Demonstrate proficiency in generating high quality human insight data across a range of modalities, inclusive of text, image video and audio.
Capable of making sound judgments and logical decisions when faced with ambiguous or incomplete information while performing tasks.
Eye for detail and ability to pivot from one category of requirement to another instantaneously.
Demonstrate support on daily operational deliverables for multiple task types assigned to you and the team
Analyze root causes, identify error patterns, and propose solutions to enhance the quality of labeling tasks and their outputs.
Responsible for identifying day-to-day process and operational issues in Standard Operating Procedure, tools and suggest changes to unblock operations
Demonstrate ownership in floor support to clarify internal queries during execution on need basis

A day in the life

We are looking for a ML Data Associate (ML DA) to undertake the task of foundational labeling functions, such as dialogue evaluation on speech, text, audio, video data.

Your ability to concentrate, multi-task and your high attention to detail helps you deliver high-quality work as well as maintaining strict confidentiality and follow all applicable Amazon policies for securing confidential information. You will be a part of a diverse team with the shared vision of improving customers’ lives with practical, useful generative AI innovations. An inner drive, individuality, and a creative mind are extremely beneficial.

Basic Qualifications

An Associate’s Degree or related work experience
C1+ or equivalent fluency in English
Strong business writing skills with ability to create reports, proposals, and professional correspondence
Advanced reading comprehension with ability to analyze complex business documents
Developed analytical thinking and structured problem-solving capabilities
Strong ability to interpret and implement detailed instructions across various projects
Proficient research skills with experience gathering and synthesizing information from multiple sources
Proven attention to detail in managing complex tasks and documents

Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field
2+ years of professional work experience with demonstrated task execution ability
Proven capacity to leverage open-source resources effectively for comprehensive research purposes
Ability to adapt well to fast-paced environments with changing circumstances, direction, and strategy
2-3 years project coordination or management experience
Experience managing stakeholder relationships across departments
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and common business applications.

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2966509