Responsibilities

Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, as well as platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua, ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume, and create content.

Why Join Us

Creation is the core of ByteDance's purpose. Our products are built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make our innovations possible. Together, we inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we aim towards achieving every day.

To us, every challenge, no matter how ambiguous, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.

At ByteDance, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the users we serve.

About The Team

Founded in 2023, ByteDance Doubao Team is dedicated to crafting the industry's most advanced LLMs. We aim to lead global research and foster both technological and social progress.

With a long-term vision and a strong commitment to the AI field, the Team conducts research in a range of areas including natural language processing (NLP), computer vision (CV), and speech recognition and generation. It boasts a robust international presence with labs and research facilities in China, Singapore, and the US. Leveraging substantial data and computing resources and through continued investment in these domains, our team has built a proprietary general-purpose model with multimodal capabilities. This model supports over 50 downstream business services including Doubao, Coze, and Dreamina, which are available to enterprise customers via the Volcano Engine. Currently, the Doubao App is the most used AIGC application in the China market.

We are looking for talented individuals to join our team in 2024. As a graduate, you will get unparalleled opportunities for you to kickstart your career, pursue bold ideas and explore limitless growth opportunities. Co-create a future driven by your inspiration with TikTok.

Successful candidates must be able to commit to a start date before the end of 2024. Please state your availability and graduation date clearly in your resume.

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. We encourage you to apply early.

Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to TikTok and its affiliates' jobs globally.

Responsibility

Responsible for the machine learning system development of the company's large-scale models, researching new applications and solutions of related technologies in areas such as search, recommendation, advertising, content creation, conversation, and customer service, meeting the growing demand for intelligent interaction from users, and comprehensively improving users' lifestyles and communication methods in the future world.

The Main Work Directions Include

Responsible for the design and development of the architecture of large-scale machine learning systems, solving technical difficulties such as high concurrency, high reliability, and high scalability of the system.
Covering various sub-directions of machine learning system, including resource scheduling, model training, model inference, data management, and workflow orchestration.
Responsible for the research and introduction of advanced technologies in machine learning systems, such as the latest hardware architecture, heterogeneous computing systems, and compiler-based optimization technologies.
Working closely with the algorithm teams to optimize the algorithm and system jointly.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

PhD graduate with a background in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent industrial research experience
Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment.

Preferred Qualifications

Prior experience in large-scale projects or papers with great influence in the field of large models.
Familiar with at least one mainstream machine learning framework (TensorFlow/PyTorch/Jax).
Experience in one of the following fields: CUDA, RDMA, AI Infrastructure, HW/SW Co-Design, High-Performance Computing (cutlass, NCCL), ML Hardware Architecture (GPU, Accelerators, Networking), ML for System, and Distributed Storage.
Master the principles of distributed systems, and participated in the design, development, and maintenance of large-scale distributed systems.
Demonstrated a related technical experience from previous internship, work experience, coding competitions, or publications
Curiosity towards new technologies and entrepreneurship
High levels of creativity and quick problem-solving capabilities

ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

ByteDance Inc. is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://shorturl.at/cdpT2

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)

The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $137750 - $237500 annually.

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
Exercising sound judgment.