Allen Machine Learning Tutor Jobs

The Varsity Tutors platform has thousands of students looking for online Machine Learning tutors nationally and in Allen. As a tutor who uses the Varsity Tutors platform, you can earn good money, choose your own hours, and truly make a difference in the lives of your students.

Why join our platform?

Enjoy competitive rates and get paid 2x per week.
Choose to tutor as much or as little as you want.
Set your own hours and schedule.
Get paired with students best-suited to your teaching style and preferences (from thousands of potential clients).
Tutor online (i.e. “work remotely”) using our purpose-built Live Learning Platform.
Students can take adaptive assessments through the platform and share results to help you decide where to focus.
We collect payment from the customers, so all you have to do is invoice the session.

What We Look For In a Tutor

You have excellent communication skills and a friendly, approachable personality.
You can show subject-matter expertise in Machine Learning.
You have the ability to personalize lessons for each student.

Discover all the ways you can reach students through the online platform:

1-on-1 Online Tutoring: connect with an individual student for a highly personalized learning experience.
Small Group Classes: meet with small groups (typically 7-9 students) for a more collaborative learning experience.
Large Live Classes: share your knowledge with hundreds of students at a time.
Instant Tutoring: accept subject-specific, on-demand tutoring sessions whenever you’d like.

About Varsity Tutors And 1-on-1 Online Tutoring

Our mission is to transform the way people learn. We do this by leveraging advanced technology, AI, and the latest in learning science to facilitate a personalized learning experience. With 1-on-1 Online Tutoring, individual students are connected with tutors for a highly personalized learning experience. We believe our thoughtful approach to matching students with the right tutors can improve outcomes, and we look forward to connecting you with students hungry to learn.

Please note: Varsity Tutors does not contract in: Alaska, California, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia or Puerto Rico.