Consider before submitting an application:

This position is expected to start around August or September 2025 and continue through the Fall term (ending approximately December 2025) or continuing into Winter/Spring 2026 if available and there is an opportunity to do so. We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time and on-site, for most internships. Our internship program is for students who are actively enrolled in an academic program. entry level candidates seeking employment after graduation and not returning to school should apply for full-time positions, not internships.

International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school on your ability to work 40 hours per week before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week on-site. Many students will be limited to part-time during the academic year.

As a Software Engineer Intern within the Autopilot AI Infrastructure team, you will work on reinforcing, optimizing, and scaling our infrastructure components supporting AI research activities for Autopilot and the Optimus.

At the core of our autonomy capabilities are neural networks that the research team is designing to train on very large amounts of data, across large-scale GPU clusters and our supercomputer Dojo. Robustly training these models at scale and in the shortest amount of time is critical to our mission.

We are building out the Machine Learning Platform that our engineers and leadership use to schedule, manage and monitor machine learning experiments, data pipelines and artifacts.

Responsibilities

Architect and implement scalable, user-friendly tools for AI workflows to track and visualize the lifecycle of machine learning experiments and models
Build robust tools and infrastructure to improve the machine learning team's velocity. This includes training and evaluation code in Python to back-end and front-end work in JavaScript
Collaborate closely with ML engineers to ensure tools are aligned with research needs
Design dashboards to provide real-time insights into performance and progress for our ML engineers and leadership
Coordinate required hardware resources with the team managing the cluster hardware to maintain high availability

Requirements

Strong knowledge of Python, React, and Linux
Experience working with backend infrastructure components (relational databases, in-memory caches, message brokers) 
Experience building modern web applications using Flask/Django and React/Redux or similar component-based libraries
Experience deploying services on Kubernetes and setting up CI/CD flows 
Solid understanding of security principles and best practices 
UI and graphic design sensibilities 
Experience working with HPC clusters
Knowledge of machine learning, computer vision, or neural networks
Pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or relevant field of study with a graduation date between December 2025 -May 2026

Benefits

Compensation and Benefits

As a full-time Tesla Intern, you will be eligible for:

Aetna PPO and HSA plans > 2 medical plan options with $0 payroll deduction
Family-building, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits
Dental (including orthodontic coverage) and vision plans. Both have an option with a $0 payroll contribution
Company Paid (Health Savings Account) HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA
Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA)
401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits
Company Paid Basic Life, AD&D, and short-term disability insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Sick time after 90 days of employment and Paid Holidays
Back-up childcare and parenting support resources
Voluntary benefits to include: critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, theft & legal services, and pet insurance
Commuter benefits
Employee discounts and perks program

Expected Compensation

$120000.00 - $150000.00 + benefits

Pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for this position may also include other elements dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.