Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, Cisco, is seeking professionals. Apply via Lensa today!

Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey!

Role

As the Senior Principal Machine Learning Engineer in the Artificial Intelligence group, you will be a key player in defining and executing the technical roadmap for the team, as we develop the core AI/ML capabilities to power the entire Splunk product portfolio and help our customers to drive their journey to digital resiliency. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams, mentor junior team members, and help drive the end-to-end product development lifecycle from ideation to production.

Responsibilities

The responsibilities of this role include:

Lead the development of core AI/ML models and algorithms that drive our product’s key use cases in the cybersecurity and observability domains. 
Collaborate with product managers to translate the business and product requirements into concrete objectives for our technology roadmap. 
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to team members to ensure the development of their skills. 
Actively participate in cross-functional discussions and strategic decisions related to AI research directions and product roadmaps. 
Collaborate with fellow technical leaders to ensure the successful and timely delivery of AI/ML models and service integration. 
Stay up to date with the latest research and developments in the field of AI/ML, and ensure that these advancements are properly incorporated into our technology roadmap. 
Develop production code and advocate for the best coding and engineering practices. 
Participate in project planning, review, and retrospective sessions. 
Identify and mitigate risks in our plans and executions, especially at the intersection of business and engineering 

Requirements

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

PhD in Computer Science or a related field with at least 10 years of experience OR MS in Computer Science or related field with at least 15 years of industry experience 
Demonstrated experience in leading impactful AI product development at scale. 
Deep understanding of ML frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch) and programming languages commonly used in AI research. 
In-depth knowledge and proven track record in AI/ML technology, including deep learning, time series modeling, natural language processing, and unsupervised learning. 
In-depth knowledge and proven track record in Generative AI technology and Large Language Models (LLM). 
Experience developing large-scale, complex models and deploying them in production systems. 
Experience large-scale data processing and parallel computing – GPU, multi-GPU and distributed training 
Commitment to staying up-to-date with the field and applying academic advances to solve complex business problems, and bringing them into production. 
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to translate research insights into practical solutions that address real-world challenges. 
Excellent communication skills with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences. 
Experience in mentoring and guiding junior researchers or team members. 
Experience in the Cybersecurity and/or Observability industry is preferred. 

Splunk, a Cisco company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.

Note

Base Pay Range

SF Bay Area, Seattle Metro, and New York City Metro Area

Base Pay Range: $242,400.00 - 333,300.00 per year

California (excludes SF Bay Area), Washington (excludes Seattle Metro), Washington DC Metro, and Massachusetts

Base Pay Range: $218,160.00 - 299,970.00 per year

All other cities and states excluding California, Washington, Massachusetts, New York City Metro Area and Washington DC Metro Area.

Base Pay Range: $193,920.00 - 266,640.00 per year

Splunk provides flexibility and choice in the working arrangement for most roles, including remote and/or in-office roles. We have a market-based pay structure which varies by location. Please note that the base pay range is a guideline and for candidates who receive an offer, the base pay will vary based on factors such as work location as set out above, as well as the knowledge, skills and experience of the candidate. In addition to base pay, this role is eligible for incentive compensation and may be eligible for equity or long-term cash awards.

Benefits are an important part of Splunk's Total Rewards package. This role is eligible for a competitive benefits package which includes medical, dental, vision, a 401(k) plan and match, paid time off and much more! Learn more about our next-level benefits at https://splunkbenefits.com .