Snap Inc is a technology company. We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Snap contributes to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. The Company’s three core products are Snapchat, a visual messaging app that enhances your relationships with friends, family, and the world; Lens Studio, an augmented reality platform that powers AR across Snapchat and other services; and its AR glasses, Spectacles.

Snap Engineering teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well-being of everyone in our global community, which is why our values are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront.

We’re looking for a Principal Machine Learning Engineer to join the Ads team at Snap!

What you’ll do:

Spearhead the development and implementation of innovative Generative AI technologies and their applications, with a focus on revolutionizing the advertising experience on the Snap platform
Envision and execute a strategic roadmap to elevate and evolve our advertising products through the integration and application of state-of-the-art Generative AI techniques
Utilize cutting-edge multimodal image and video generation models to pioneer a wide range of generative AI applications across the Ads ecosystem including:
Automating the creation and enhancement of advertiser creatives and assets leading to high-performing personalized ad creatives that resonate with target audiences
Leverage specialized models to construct innovative AR lenses
Generative recommendations 
Enhance user and ads understanding to gain deeper insights that can power and optimize our advertising products, ensuring maximum effectiveness and relevance
Collaborate with cross-functional teams & leadership to set and align on machine learning strategies to meet company objectives, up-level the ML tech stack, and improve the performance of the organization
Keep up-to-date of emerging trends and advancements in the Generative AI landscape and proactively identify opportunities to leverage these developments to further enhance Snap's advertising capabilities
Advocate for and apply best practices when it comes to availability, scalability, operational excellence, and cost management

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

Deep understanding of generative models and a proven track record of successfully applying them to products to deliver impactful solutions
Strong comprehension of machine learning and deep learning approaches and algorithms, and their applications to advertising, recommendation, and/or search
Experience providing direction and guidance to a team that focuses on Generative AI and machine learning technologies
Ability to design, train, and optimize advanced machine learning models
Excellent programming and software design skills
Ability to proactively learn new concepts and technology and apply them at work
Skilled at solving ambiguous problems and leading and executing complex technical initiatives
Strong collaboration and mentorship skills

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor's in a technical field such as computer science, mathematics, statistics or equivalent years of experience
9+ years of industry machine learning experience 
2+ years of experience as a technical lead
Experience developing and shipping performant and scalable machine learning models for Generative AI use cases
Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, or related deep learning frameworks

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degree in a related field such as machine learning, computer vision, or mathematics
Experience with ranking and recommendation systems 
Experience in online advertising
Experience partnering with cross-functional executives and management across a globally distributed organization and exercising sound judgment
Track record of delivery in rapidly changing, highly collaborative, multi-site, multi-stakeholder environments
Experience working with a diverse group of engineers
Experience contributing to AI publications

If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and provide us some information.

"Default Together" Policy at Snap: At Snap Inc. we believe that being together in person helps us build our culture faster, reinforce our values, and serve our community, customers and partners better through dynamic collaboration. To reflect this, we practice a “default together” approach and expect our team members to work in an office 4+ days per week.

At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets.

Our Benefits: Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid parental leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long-term success!

Compensation

In the United States, work locations are assigned a pay zone which determines the salary range for the position. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. The starting pay may be negotiable within the salary range for the position. These pay zones may be modified in the future.

Zone A (CA, WA, NYC):

The base salary range for this position is $276,000-$414,000 annually.

Zone B:

The base salary range for this position is $262,000-$393,000 annually.

Zone C:

The base salary range for this position is $235,000-$352,000 annually.

This position is eligible for equity in the form of RSUs.