Fitch Group is currently seeking a Senior Machine Learning Engineer based out of our Chicago office. 

As a leading, global financial information services provider, Fitch Group delivers vital credit and risk insights, robust data, and dynamic tools to champion more efficient, transparent financial markets. With over 100 years of experience and colleagues in over 30 countries, Fitch Group’s culture of credibility, independence, and transparency is embedded throughout its structure, which includes Fitch Ratings, one of the world’s top three credit ratings agencies, and Fitch Solutions, a leading provider of insights, data and analytics. With dual headquarters in London and New York, Fitch Group is owned by Hearst.

Fitch's Technology & Data Team is a dynamic department where innovation meets impact. Our team includes the Chief Data Office, Chief Software Office, Chief Technology Office, Emerging Technology, Shared Technology Services, Technology, Risk and the Executive Program Management Office (EPMO). Driven by our investment in cutting-edge technologies like AI and cloud solutions, we’re home to a diverse range of roles and backgrounds united by a shared passion for leveraging modern technology to drive projects that matter to our organization and clients. We are also proud to be recognized by Built In as a “Best Place to Work in Technology” 3 years in a row. Whether you're an experienced professional or just starting your career, we offer an exciting and supportive environment where you can grow, innovate, and make a difference.

Wa nt to learn mo re about a career in technology and data at Fitch?

Visit: https://careers.fitch.group/content/Technology-and-Data/

About The Team

The Fitch Group’s AI Implementation Chapter is seeking a seasoned Senior Machine Learning Engineer with 6+ years of experience to drive advanced AI/ML initiatives across the Fitch Ratings organization. In this role, you will not only design and implement enterprise-grade ML and Generative AI solutions but also mentor junior engineers, lead projects, and help shape our AI technical strategy. You will work closely with product squads, business partners, and crossfunctional teams to integrate advanced AI solutions into flagship Fitch Ratings products and workflows.

The AI Chapter’s Team Objectives

Implement AI & ML technology in collaboration with Fitch Ratings business partners and product squads 
Develop and support enterprise-level AI exploration tools and capabilities 
Provide guidance for efficient and secure development and deployment of AI 
Establish and maintain guidelines and processes for AI/ML governance 

How You’ll Make An Impact

Lead the design, development, and deployment of scalable AI/ML solutions—focusing on advanced generative AI frameworks, large language models, and agentic workflows. 
Act as a technical leader by mentoring junior team members, providing guidance on best practices, code quality, and architectural design. 
Drive projects and strategic initiatives, collaborating with product squads and business stakeholders to ensure seamless integration of ML solutions into existing workflows. 
Develop robust, production-quality software artifacts using Python along with large-scale data workflow orchestration platforms (e.g., Airflow). 
Leverage expertise in cloud computing platforms (AWS and Azure) to build and optimize AI infrastructure, using services like AWS Bedrock, S3, SageMaker, Azure AI Search, etc. 
Champion ML governance by ensuring guidelines are followed, monitoring SLAs, and continuously improving the performance and reliability of AI solutions. 
Translate complex data science and ML concepts for technical and non-technical audiences, ensuring alignment across distributed teams. 
Design and develop APIs (e.g. using FastAPI) for integration and deployment of ML models and solutions. 

You May Be a Good Fit If

6+ years of professional experience as an AI/ML engineer, with a strong record of delivering production-quality solutions. 
Extensive experience in developing and integrating advanced generative AI and ML solutions into existing products and systems, including working with LLMs and agentic workflows. 
Proficiency in Python and strong knowledge of ML algorithms—ranging from classical techniques to deep learning methods. 
Proven experience in training, fine-tuning, and deploying neural network models using frameworks like PyTorch, with a focus on optimizing performance and scalability for realworld applications. 
Demonstrated ability to mentor and lead technical teams, influence technical strategy, and drive innovation in fast-paced environments. 
Expertise in containerization (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes, AWS EKS) and building scalable systems in cloud environments. 
Deep understanding of software development fundamentals, including automated testing, source version control, and code optimization. 
Excellent communication and collaboration skills to interact with technical teams, business partners, and stakeholders. 
Bachelor’s degree in machine learning, computer science, data science, applied mathematics, or a related field (Master’s or higher is strongly preferred). . 

What Would Make You Stand Out

A track record of successfully leading project initiatives and shaping technical strategy without direct people management. 
Familiarity with credit ratings agencies, industry regulations, and financial data products. 
Experience developing/integrating functionality for/in Document Management Systems and content management systems 
Experience supporting prototyping teams to enable seamless transition from prototype to development and deployment 
Passion for leveraging data and ML to drive meaningful business outcomes while fostering a collaborative team environment. 
Proven ability to collaborate with non-AI/ML teams to integrate AI solutions into broader workflows and projects. 
Experience working with cross-functional teams 

Why Choose Fitch

Hybrid Work Environment: 2 to 3 days a week in office required based on your line of business and location 
A Culture of Learning & Mobility: Dedicated trainings, leadership development and mentorship programs designed to ensure that your time at Fitch will be a continuous learning opportunity 
Investing in Your Future: Retirement planning and tuition reimbursement programs that empower you to achieve your short and long-term goals 
Promoting Health & Wellbeing: Comprehensive healthcare offerings that enable physical, mental, financial, social, and occupational wellbeing 
Supportive Parenting Policies: Family-friendly policies, including a generous global parental leave plan, designed to help you balance career and family life effectively 
Inclusive Work Environment : A collaborative workplace where all voices are valued, with Employee Resource Groups that unite and empower our colleagues around the globe 
Dedication to Giving Back: Paid volunteer days, matched funding for donations and ample opportunities to volunteer in your community 

Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interest or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will be asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts prior to commencing employment. If you, or your immediate family, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, you may be asked to divest yourself of them before beginning work.

Fitch is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law.

FOR CHICAGO ROLES ONLY: Expected base pay rates for the role will be between $145,000 and $175,000 per year. Actual salaries will be determined on an individualized basis and may vary based on factors including but not limited to education, training, experience, past performance, and other job-related factors. Base pay is one part of Fitch’s total compensation package, which, depending on the position, may also include commission earnings, discretionary bonuses, long-term incentives, and other benefits sponsored by Fitch.