Description

Do you want to join an innovative team of engineers and scientists who use terabytes of data and create state-of-the-art algorithms to push the boundaries of AI? We are building the foundational behavioral model for Amazon Stores using LLM and Large Model training techniques that fuses general world knowledge with Amazon e-commerce domain knowledge. We are searching for engineers who are passionate about technology, innovation, and customer experience, and are ready to make a lasting impact on the industry.

So, if you're passionate about pushing the limits of AI, thrive in a fast-paced and innovative environment, and are ready to make a lasting impact on the world, this is your chance! Join us on this revolutionizing adventure!

Key job responsibilities

Role

In this role you will leverage your engineering background and expertise in ML to lead developing foundational behavioral model for Amazon Stores using LLM and Large Model training techniques. On a day-to-day basis, you will:

Lead the design and implementation of a stable and efficient training infrastructure that scales to a large model size and hardware such as GPU.
Collaborate with other talented applied scientists and engineers to develop an improved training infrastructure that accelerates innovation.
Quickly learn cutting-edge technologies and algorithms in the field of Generative AI.

Basic Qualifications

5+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
5+ years of programming with at least one software programming language experience
5+ years of leading design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience
Experience as a mentor, tech lead or leading an engineering team
Experience in developing machine learning pipelines, developing large language model or natural language understanding models.

Preferred Qualifications

5+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations experience
Master or PhD in Computer Sciences, Electrical Engineering, or Mathematics with specialization in machine learning, deep learning, or natural language processing
Experience with CUDA
Experience with Pytorch or Tensorflow
Experience with distributed training

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $151,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $261,500/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2668768