Description

The Product: AWS Machine Learning accelerators are at the forefront of AWS innovation and one of several AWS tools used for building Generative AI on AWS. The Inferentia chip delivers best-in-class ML inference performance at the lowest cost in cloud. Trainium will deliver the best-in-class ML training performance with the most teraflops (TFLOPS) of compute power for ML in the cloud. This is all enabled by cutting edge software stack, the AWS Neuron Software Development Kit (SDK), which includes an ML compiler, runtime and natively integrates into popular ML frameworks, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow and MxNet. AWS Neuron and Inferentia are used at scale with customers like Snap, Autodesk, Amazon Alexa, Amazon Rekognition and more customers in various other segments.

The Team: As a whole, the Amazon Annapurna Labs team is responsible for silicon development at AWS. The team covers multiple disciplines including silicon engineering, hardware design and verification, software and operations.

The AWS Neuron team works to optimize the performance of complex neural net models on our custom-built AWS hardware. More specifically, the AWS Neuron team is developing a deep learning compiler stack that takes neural network descriptions created in frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and MXNET, and converts them into code suitable for execution. As you might expect, the team is comprised of some of the brightest minds in the engineering, research, and product communities, focused on the ambitious goal of creating a toolchain that will provide a quantum leap in performance.

You: Machine Learning Compiler Engineer II on the AWS Neuron team, you will be supporting the ground-up development and scaling of a compiler to handle the world's largest ML workloads. Architecting and implementing business-critical features, publish cutting-edge research, and contributing to a brilliant team of experienced engineers excites and challenges you. You will leverage your technical communications skill as a hands-on partner to AWS ML services teams and you will be involved in pre-silicon design, bringing new products/features to market, and many other exciting projects.

A background in Machine Learning and AI accelerators is preferred, but not required.

About The Team

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Basic Qualifications

3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
2+ years of experience architecting and optimizing compilers
Proficiency with 1 or more of the following programming languages: C++ (preferred), C, Python

Preferred Qualifications

M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field
Experience with multiple toolchains and Instruction Set Architectures
Proficiency with resource management, scheduling, code generation, and compute graph optimization
Experience optimizing Tensorflow, PyTorch or MxNET deep learning models

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $129,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Annapurna Labs (U.S.) Inc.

Job ID: A2934546