About Anthropic

Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.

About The Role

You want to build the cutting-edge systems that train AI models like Claude. You're excited to work at the frontier of machine learning, implementing and improving advanced techniques to create ever more capable, reliable and steerable AI. As an ML Systems Engineer on our Reinforcement Learning Engineering team, you'll be responsible for the critical algorithms and infrastructure that our researchers depend on to train models. Your work will directly enable breakthroughs in AI capabilities and safety. You'll focus obsessively on improving the performance, robustness, and usability of these systems so our research can progress as quickly as possible. You're energized by the challenge of supporting and empowering our research team in the mission to build beneficial AI systems.

Our finetuning researchers train our production Claude models, and internal research models, using RLHF and other related methods. Your job will be to build, maintain, and improve the algorithms and systems that these researchers use to train models. You’ll be responsible for improving the speed, reliability, and ease-of-use of these systems.

You May Be a Good Fit If You

Have 4+ years of software engineering experience
Like working on systems and tools that make other people more productive
Are results-oriented, with a bias towards flexibility and impact
Pick up slack, even if it goes outside your job description
Enjoy pair programming (we love to pair!)
Want to learn more about machine learning research
Care about the societal impacts of your work

Strong Candidates May Also Have Experience With

High performance, large scale distributed systems
Large scale LLM training
Python
Implementing LLM finetuning algorithms, such as RLHF

Representative Projects

Profiling our reinforcement learning pipeline to find opportunities for improvement
Building a system that regularly launches training jobs in a test environment so that we can quickly detect problems in the training pipeline
Making changes to our finetuning systems so they work on new model architectures
Building instrumentation to detect and eliminate Python GIL contention in our training code
Diagnosing why training runs have started slowing down after some number of steps, and fixing it
Implementing a stable, fast version of a new training algorithm proposed by a researcher

Deadline to apply: None. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

Annual Salary

The expected salary range for this position is:

$315,000 - $425,000 USD

Logistics

Education requirements: We require at least a Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience.

Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.

Visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.

We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.

How We're Different

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.

The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.

Come work with us!

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues.