AI Trainer for Swedish Writers/Speakers (Freelance, Remote)
- job post
Alignerr
Stockholm•Distansjobb
Praktik
Skapa ett Indeed-konto innan du fortsätter till företagets webbplats.
Ansök på företagets webbplats
Jobbinformation
Så här matchar jobbinformationen din profil
.
Anställningsform
Praktik
Fullständig jobbeskrivning
Alignerr.com is a community of subject matter experts from several disciplines who align AI models by creating high-quality data in their field of expertise to build the future of Generative AI. Alignerr is operated by Labelbox. Labelbox is the leading data-centric AI platform for building intelligent applications. Teams looking to capitalize on the latest advances in generative AI and LLMs use the Labelbox platform to inject these systems with the right degree of human supervision and automation. Whether they are building AI products by using LLMs that require human fine-tuning, or applying AI to reduce the time associated with manually-intensive tasks like data labeling or finding business insights, Labelbox enables teams to do so effectively and quickly.

Current Labelbox customers are transforming industries within insurance, retail, manufacturing/robotics, healthcare, and beyond. Our platform is used by Fortune 500 enterprises including Walmart, Procter & Gamble, Genentech, and Adobe, as well as hundreds of leading AI teams. We are backed by leading investors including SoftBank, Andreessen Horowitz, B Capital, Gradient Ventures (Google's AI-focused fund), Databricks Ventures, Snowpoint Ventures and Kleiner Perkins.
About the Role
Shape the future of AI in the Swedish language.
This innovative role as an AI Trainer - Swedish Writers, offers a unique opportunity to leverage your subject-matter expertise and develop your AI skills. You will play a pivotal role in training AI models, ensuring the accuracy and relevance of Swedish content generated by AI. This position allows for flexible scheduling, and your contributions will directly impact the advancement of AI in the Swedish language.
Your Day to Day
Educate AI: Analyze and provide feedback on AI-generated outputs related to the Swedish language. Your guidance will directly improve the AI's accuracy and ability to apply its knowledge to real-world problems.
Problem Solving: Using your expertise, you will provide step-by-step solutions and explanations to complex problems in Swedish. This could include checking punctuation, spelling and grammar, and/or creative writing. Your input will be crucial in teaching the AI how to reason through these problems effectively.
Red Teaming: Utilize your deep understanding of the field to identify potential biases, limitations, or inaccuracies in the AI's knowledge base. Design and conduct tests that push the boundaries of the model's understanding, ensuring its outputs are reliable and applicable to real-world scenarios.
You create your own working hours depending on project length.
About You
Enrolled in or have completed an Associates’ degree or higher from an accredited institution.
Native-level proficiency in the Swedish language.
Possess a strong writing style with excellent English-language spelling and grammar skills.
Have a critical eye and the ability to clearly articulate the strengths and weaknesses of written text.
Professional writing experience as a researcher, journalist, technical writer, editor, or similar roles
Interest in AI and machine learning concepts
Important Information
This is a freelance position compensated on an hourly basis. Please note that this is not an internship opportunity. Candidates must be authorized to work in their country of residence, and we do not offer sponsorship for this 1099 contract role. International students on a valid visa may be eligible to apply; however, specific circumstances should be discussed with a tax or immigration advisor. We are unable to provide employment documentation at this time. Compensation rates may vary for non-US locations.
Labelbox strives to ensure pay parity across the organization and discuss compensation transparently. The expected hourly rate range for United States-based candidatesis below. Exact compensation varies based on a variety of factors, including skills and competencies, experience, and geographical location.
Pay Range (rate per hour)
$15—$150 USD
Rapportera jobb
Information om annonstransparens