Responsibilities

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.

Why Join Us

Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our platform is built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make TikTok possible.

Together, we inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we all believe in and aim towards achieving every day.

To us, every challenge, no matter how difficult, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.

At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the communities we serve.

Join us.

TikTok Shop Ads team has a strong user focus and a dedication to technical excellence. We aim to meet our users' needs with reliable and high-performing platforms and services. We are looking for strong Machine Learning Engineers who are excited to grow their business understanding, build highly scalable and reliable software, and partner across disciplines with global teams in pursuit of excellence.

What You'll Do

Apply state-of-the-art machine learning techniques to optimize advertisers' marketing strategies.
Connect with businesses directly to understand and develop solutions for their jobs-to-be-done.
Collaborate with Product Managers, Designers, and other disciplines to explore the next generation of shopping experiences on TikTok.
Capitalize on the organic shopping behaviors on TikTok today and facilitate retentive behaviors to provide more people value and business value.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

BS/MS degree in Computer Science or similar fields, with 5+ years of related industry experience.
Solid programming skills, proficient in Python/Golang/Java/C/C++.
Familiarity with at least one mainstream deep learning programming framework (TensorFlow/Caffe/MXNet) and its architecture and implementation mechanism.
Familiarity with deep learning algorithms (CNN/RNN/LSTM, etc.).
Team-player with strong communication skills who can also work independently.

Preferred Qualifications

Familiarity with main components for ads systems, including bidding, ranking, and auction.
Experience in resource management and task scheduling with large-scale distributed software (such as Spark and TensorFlow).

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at tt.accommodations@tiktok.com

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)

The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $177688 - $266000 annually.

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
Exercising sound judgment.