Công việcỨng tuyểnGiới thiệu ứng viên

Job Description

Support multiple departments(operation, sales, finance, marketing, product...) to carry out key deliverables and achieve business objectives.
Have the ability to consult stakeholders for decision-making by using the right data.
Manage and deliver analytics projects including advanced statistics methods such as prediction, segmentation, and causal analysis from conception to completion with actionable insights and recommendations.
Perform analyses to understand user/driver behaviors and find actionable insights for current and future data-focused innovation.
Research/implement solutions for Dynamic Pricing, Credit Score, Risk Analytics, Fraud Detection... problems.
Design, implement, and monitor A/B tests.

Job requirement

M.S. (B.S.) in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Engineering, or related industry experience.
Good communication and interpersonal skills, storytelling with data, e.g., ability to communicate data science concepts and analysis results to both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience with one or more programming languages (e.g. = Python)
Experience with statistical tools (e.g. R, Python) , analysis and advanced statistics as prediction, forecasting, and segmentation
Experience in machine-learning packages (e.g. supervised and unsupervised learning )
Good understanding of AB testing,
Experience with big data: extraction, processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (100K to Millions of rows) of data using cloud products as Big query, GCS/S3, Dataproc-Pyspark
Nice to have experience with Computer Vision, NLP, Deep Learning.

Why you'll love working here

At Ahamove, we are always driven by data and recognize it as a fuel for innovation. We collect, analyse and integrate data into every corner of the enterprise.

The data team is the backbone of our company. Just like the “on-demand delivery” segment, our data team provides "on-demand technologies" to serve our fast-changing business needs and evolving market. Our data team has the power to try many up-to-date solutions, tools and technologies such as Cloud Services, Big Data Distributed System, Machine Learning Model...

Currently, we have created different data positions to solve a variety of problems which are fun, challenging and meaningful. We welcome young talents with fresh minds to join us on our way to become a 5-star

company.

Let's grow together

Benefit

Grab/Be for work: 1M/month
Laptop & PVI insurance
Competitive salaries and benefits according to experience and education level
And more

Ứng tuyển ngay