Responsibilities

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.

Why Join Us

Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our platform is built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make TikTok possible.

Together, we inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we all believe in and aim towards achieving every day.

To us, every challenge, no matter how difficult, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.

At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the communities we serve.

We are Generative AI team under Monetization Technology. Our team focuses on developing cutting-edge Generative AI techs across all modalities, including text, image, videos, landing pages, etc., and creates industry-leading technical solutions to improve creative efficiency for advertisers, agencies and creators. We are committed to automated creative workflows by leveraging Generative AI technologies, to increase overall revenue for advertisers, agencies and creators.

We aim to drive and lead the generative AI in the ads tech and creative industry, powering products and driving values for our clients, creators, and the whole ecosystem. We are looking for ML engineers who are excited to grow their business understanding, build highly scalable and reliable software/infrastructure, partner across functions with global teams, and make big impacts. If you are someone who welcomes challenges, we are eager to have you on the team!

Responsibilities:

Develop automated creative generation across various modalities for advertising, including text, image, video, etc., explore and apply LLM/SD models for high-quality content creation;
Develop next-generation conversational assistant on the top of LLMs to enhance user intention and context understanding and complex task completion capabilities;
Be self-motivated to come up with new solutions that can improve chat experience, model outputs, and explore new products with generative AI at its core.

Qualifications

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree or above, majoring in Computer Science or related fields.
7+ years of relevant development experience and demonstrated knowledge of machine learning technology (RecSys/NLP/CV).
Has experience in utilizing Generative AI technology in marketing texts, images and videos, familiar with LLMs and model finetuning (instruct tuning, SFT, RLHF, etc.)
Passion for new technologies and proven capability in analysis and problem-solving.
Good team player, communication skills and project management experience is preferred.
Strong perseverance and courage to help the business to a higher level.

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at tt.accommodations@tiktok.com

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)

The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $210000 - $358000 annually.

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
Exercising sound judgment.