Responsibilities

About TikTok U.S. Data Security

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. U.S. Data Security (“USDS”) is a subsidiary of TikTok in the U.S. This new, security-first division was created to bring heightened focus and governance to our data protection policies and content assurance protocols to keep U.S. users safe. Our focus is on providing oversight and protection of the TikTok platform and U.S. user data, so millions of Americans can continue turning to TikTok to learn something new, earn a living, express themselves creatively, or be entertained. The teams within USDS that deliver on this commitment daily span across Trust & Safety, Security & Privacy, Engineering, User & Product Ops, Corporate Functions and more.

Why Join Us

Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our platform is built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make TikTok possible.

Together, we inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we all believe in and aim towards achieving every day.

To us, every challenge, no matter how difficult, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.

At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the communities we serve.

Join us.

Team Intro

The Global Payment team of U.S. Data Security department of TikTok provides payment solutions - including payment acquisitions, disbursements, transaction monitoring, payment method management, foreign exchange conversion, accounting, reconciliations, and so on - to ensure that users have a smooth and secure payment experience on TikTok platform.

The Global Payment Decision Science team is responsible for building data science and machine learning solutions to optimize our payment services leveraging large scale datasets and advanced algorithms. These solutions are key components for various business use cases, such as financial risk, payment compliance, marketing growth, and more.

In order to enhance collaboration and cross-functional partnerships, among other things, at this time, our organization follows a hybrid work schedule that requires employees to work in the office 3 days a week, or as directed by their manager/department. We regularly review our hybrid work model, and the specific requirements may change at any time.

Responsibilities:

You will be responsible to design and build advanced data science and algorithm solutions to solve interesting and impactful business problems, such as fraud prevention, AML, user experience customization and optimization, campaign management, etc.

Detailed Job Responsibility Includes:

Understand the payment business, translate business problems into data science and algorithm solutions where it fits
Apply cutting edge machine learning technologies in various payment business use cases
Own end to end model solution lifecycle and work with stakeholders to deliver business impact
Improve modeling infrastructures, labels, features, and algorithms towards robustness, automation, and generalization
Up-level risk machine learning excellence in privacy/compliance, interoperability, risk perception, and analysis

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree or above in Computer Science/Statistics/Mathematics or other related majors
Proficient in data processing and analytics in big data environment using SQL/Hive/Spark etc
Mastery of at least one prevalent programming language for data science, such as Python, Java, or Scala

Preferred Qualifications:

Experienced in Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms
2+ years of machine learning-related experience, preferably in trust&safety/risk management/compliance
Working experience in payment and fintech industry
Ecommerce or payment compliance experience

D&I Statement

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

Accommodation Statement

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://shorturl.at/ktJP6

Data Security Statement

This role requires the ability to work with and support systems designed to protect sensitive data and information. As such, this role will be subject to strict national security-related screening.

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)

The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $116000 - $250000 annually.

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
Exercising sound judgment.