Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, Travelers Insurance, is seeking professionals in St Paul, MN. Apply via Lensa today!

Who Are We?

Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.

Job Category

Data Analytics, Technology

Compensation Overview

The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.

Salary Range

$135,700.00 - $223,900.00

Target Openings

1

What Is the Opportunity?

Travelers Data Engineering team constructs pipelines that contextualize and provide easy access to data by the entire enterprise. As a Data Engineering Director you will accelerate growth and transformation of our analytics landscape. In this role, you will lead teams designing and building data solutions that capture, explore, transform and utilize data to support Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and business intelligence/insights. In addition to ingesting data from multiple sources and relaying information to relevant partners, you will also mentor and develop a team of data engineers.

What Will You Do?

Lead development of analytic data products, including pilots and proof of concepts. 
Execute data strategies with an understanding of enterprise architecture, consumption patterns, platforms and application infrastructure. 
Manage the operationalizing and automating of all capabilities to ensure secure, supported and scalable solutions. 
Present analysis and recommendations to help influence management decisions. 
Guide and coach team members to accelerate career development. 
Establish team processes and procedures. 
Maintain relationships with partner teams to ensure needs are met and impacted areas plan work accordingly. 
Perform other duties as assigned. 

What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?

Bachelor’s Degree in STEM related field or equivalent 
Five or more years of related experience 
Two or more years of management experience 
Advanced knowledge of data tools, techniques, and manipulation including cloud platforms, programming languages, and technology platforms. 
This role will focus on Data and AI product implementation for underwriting and operations models. We will be building and supporting new products to support our day to day risk management and operations. 
Experience with Python, AWS, Databricks, Sagemaker and CI/CD (Terraform, Git Actions) preferred. 

What is a Must Have?

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent training with data tools, techniques, and manipulation. 
Five years of data engineering or equivalent experience 

What Is in It for You?

Health Insurance : Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment. 
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers. 
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays. 
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools, discounts and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals and caregiving needs. In addition, our mental health program provides access to free professional counseling services, health coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. 
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice. 

Employment Practices

Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences.

In accordance with local law, candidates seeking employment in Colorado are not required to disclose dates of attendance at or graduation from educational institutions.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an email (4-ESU@travelers.com) so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.

To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/ .