Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, META, is seeking professionals in New York, NY. Apply via Lensa today!

Summary

Meta is in search of the world’s most creative and experienced engineering leaders. We embrace entrepreneurs as well as those who come from more established organizations. Machine Learning Engineering Managers are clearly characterized by progressive technical experience and demonstrated progression in management responsibility.

Required Skills

Machine Learning Software Engineering Manager Responsibilities:

Be both highly technical and an effective people manager 
Be a subject matter expert in an ML domain 
Lead teams that deliver on multiple projects of increasing dependencies in an ambiguous or high-impact area 
Work with your team and cross functional partners to define and influence strategy 
Drive roadmap creation and execution 
Collaborate with various functions, drive engineering initiatives and have an impact at an organizational level 
Participate in technical design 
Measure the impact of your team and set clear expectations and goals 
Work effectively with cross functional partners and stakeholders to set and achieve optimal outcomes 

Minimum Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

8+ years of software engineering work experience, including hands-on technical management building large scale systems, algorithms, and toolsets within the Machine Learning domain 
8+ years experience coding in one of the following languages: C++, Java, Python and/or PHP 
2+ years experience of developing, coaching and managing engineering leaders 
Demonstrated experience recruiting and managing technical teams, including performance management 
BA/BS in Computer Science (In lieu of degree, 4+ years work experience) 

Public Compensation

$213,000/year to $293,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits

Industry: Internet

Equal Opportunity

Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.

Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.