Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, Apple, is seeking professionals in Seattle, WA. Apply via Lensa today!

AIML - Sr Engineering Program Manager, Machine Learning FM

Seattle,Washington,United States

Machine Learning and AI

Apple is where individual imaginations gather together, committing to the values that lead to great work. Every new product we build, service we create, or Apple Store experience we deliver is the result of us making each other’s ideas stronger. That happens because every one of us shares a belief that we can make something wonderful and share it with the world, changing lives for the better. It’s the diversity of our people and their thinking that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do. When we bring everybody in, we can do the best work of our lives. Here, you’ll do more than join something — you’ll add something. Are you passionate about overseeing evaluating ML models and validating AI applications? We are looking for an engineering program manager to lead the development of the next phase of our ML international locales expansion. The successful candidate will have a proven track record of conceptualizing and delivering technically complex platform projects. They will have a solid understanding of the mechanics of developing ML systems and what it takes to scale and ship them to billions of users worldwide. They will be managing and coordinating projects with vendors, annotation platform teams, legal, finance, and partner data scientists & engineers to create data assets which are used to power and evaluate ground breaking machine learned experiences.

Description

Specific Responsibilities Include: - Lead high profile Foundation Model programs, responsible for roadmapping, establishing goals with DRIs and reporting statuses to executives regularly and succinctly - Drive consensus across multiple groups with varying opinions & needs. Influence entire teams around a common purpose and drive conference on the plan of execution - Create and manage project schedules with clear dependencies, critical path and systematic methodology to communicate status - Proactively identify and manage risks, close gaps with the ability to switch gears on projects in an agile manner - Keep teams on critical path with efforts to minimize distractions - Provide clear, timely and objective communication, including regular program status updates and one-off reviews as needed to executive team - Keep an eye on any potential gaps across dependency teams and proactively promote regular communications on common source of truth - Proactive and regular insurance of alignments across all stakeholder teams when new factors arise - Plan yearly and quarterly budgets for data acquisition - Maintain awareness of the Privacy and Legal aspects of data management and regional regulations, ensuring the team is meeting company-wide requirements

Minimum Qualifications 

5+ years of experience in program management, particularly in the data acquisition of ML technologies, international locales experience is a plus.
Strong understanding of machine learning concepts and technologies. Detailed understanding of building, evaluating and release management processes for ML systems. 
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey complex technical information to diverse audiences. 
Demonstrated skill of negotiating and distilling sophisticated technical requirements from multiple partners into a coherent long term platform roadmap 
Experience leading cross functional security and privacy initiatives and collaborating with Legal, Privacy Engineering, Security and other teams across the organization to ensure compliance with privacy policies and security mandates 
Excellent project management skills including project structuring and managing multiple work streams interdependently 
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively across the organization 
Ability to independently draft and present deliverables, recommendations and communication strategies 
Bachelor's or Master's degree. EE/CS/CE or equivalent. 
Key Qualifications

Preferred Qualifications

Prior PM or engineering experience in search, speech recognition, natural language understanding, data pipelines is a plus 
Experience with international locales experience 

Education & Experience

Additional Requirements

Pay & Benefits

At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $157,000 and $278,900, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation.Learn more (https://www.apple.com/careers/us/benefits.html) about Apple Benefits.Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program. 
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. (https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) 

Apple Footer

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant (Opens in a new window) .

Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. United States Department of Labor. Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program (Opens in a new window) .

Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple is a drug-free workplace. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you’re applying for a position in San Francisco, review the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance guidelines (opens in a new window) applicable in your area.

It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.