Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, Amazon, is seeking professionals in Seattle, WA. Apply via Lensa today!

Description

Do you want to be part of AI revolution? At AWS our vision is to make deep learning pervasive for everyday developers and to democratize access to AI hardware and software infrastructure. In order to deliver on that vision, we’ve created innovative software and hardware solutions that make it possible. AWS Neuron is the SDK that optimizes the performance of complex ML models executed on AWS Inferentia and Trainium, our custom chips designed to accelerate deep-learning workloads.

This role is for a software engineer in the Compiler team for AWS Neuron. As part of this role, you will be responsible for building next generation Neuron compiler which transforms ML models written in ML frameworks (e.g, PyTorch, TensorFlow, and JAX) to be deployed AWS Inferentia and Trainium based servers in the Amazon cloud. You will be responsible for solving hard compiler optimization problems to achieve optimum performance for variety of ML model families including massive scale large language models like Llama, Deepseek, and beyond as well as stable diffusion, vision transformers and multi-model models. You will be required to understand how these models work inside-out to make informed decisions on how to best coax the compiler to generate optimal implementation instruction. You will leverage your technical communications skill to partner with internal and external customers/stakeholders and will be involved in pre-silicon design, bringing new products/features to market, ultimately, making Neuron compiler highly performant and easy-to-use.

Experience in object-oriented languages like C++/Java is a must, experience with compilers or building ML models using ML frameworks on accelerators (e.g., GPUs) is preferred but not required.

Experience with technologies like OpenXLA, StableHLO, MLIR will be added bonus!

Explore the product and our history! https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/neuron-guide/neuron-cc/index

htmlhttps://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/neuron/

https://github.com/aws/aws-neuron-sdk https://www.amazon.science/how-silicon-innovation-became-the-secret-sauce-behind-awss-success

AWS Utility Computing (UC) provides product innovations — from foundational services such as Amazon’s Simple Storage Service (S3) and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), to consistently released new product innovations that continue to set AWS’s services and features apart in the industry. As a member of the UC organization, you’ll support the development and management of Compute, Database, Storage, Internet of Things (Iot), Platform, and Productivity Apps services in AWS, including support for customers who require specialized security solutions for their cloud services.

Key job responsibilities

You will design, implement, test, deploy and maintain innovative software solutions to transform Neuron compiler’s performance, stability and user-interface. You will work side by side with chip architects, runtime/OS engineers, scientists and ML Apps teams to seamlessly deploy state of the art ML models from our customers on AWS accelerators with optimal cost/performance benefits. You will have opportunity to work with open-source software (e.g., StableHLO, OpenXLA, MLIR) to pioneer optimizing advanced ML workloads on AWS software and hardware. You will also work on building innovative features that will deliver best possible experiences for our customers – developers across the globe.

A day in the life

As you design and code solutions to help our team drive efficiencies in compiler architecture, you’ll create compiler optimization and verification passes, build features surface features and peculiarities of AWS accelerators to developers, implement tools to analyze numerical errors, and resolve the root cause of compiler defects. You’ll also participate in design discussions, code review, and communicate with internal (other Neuron SDK and Amazon wide teams) and external stakeholders (open-source communities). Lastly, work in a startup-like development environment, where you’re always working on the most important stuff.

About The Team

About the Team

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge-sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects that help our team members develop your engineering expertise so you feel empowered to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

About AWS

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Basic Qualifications

3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience 
Experience programming with at least one software programming language 

Preferred Qualifications

Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field. 
3+ years of experience writing production grade code in object-oriented languages such as C++/Java. 
Experience in compiler design for CPU/GPU/Vector engines/ML-accelerators. 
Experience with OpenSource compiler toolset like LLVM/MLIR. 
Experience with the following technologies: PyTorch, OpenXLA, StableHLO, JAX, TVM, deep learning models, and algorithms. 
Experience with modern build systems like Bazel/CMake. 

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.

Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $129,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits . This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.