Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, Apple, is seeking professionals in Austin, TX. Apply via Lensa today!

Machine Learning Engineer — Trust and Safety (Account Trust)

Austin,Texas,United States

Machine Learning and AI

The Trust and Safety group at Apple is responsible for ensuring that users of Apple’s services and products have genuine and safe experiences. Within Trust and Safety, our team ensures the protection of several systems, including Apple’s account creation flows and iMessage spam. The solutions we deploy help us keep Apple ecosystem safe, while mitigating constant attack by external actors. We are seeking a machine learning engineer who will strive to turn huge amounts of data into actionable insights that improve safe customer experience. Successful candidates will have a demonstrated history of self-directed research and investigations spanning sophisticated, interdependent systems that led to novel insights directly impacting well-defined success metrics.

Description

Success in this role is defined by your ability to:

Maintain a deep understanding of Apple's account types, services, and evolving protection systems.
Simplify complex systems and communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Analyze user behavior from diverse data sources, building narratives that explain fraudulent activity and attack methods.
Build strong partnerships to close data gaps and mitigate attack vectors.
Identify weaknesses, propose better fraud-fighting tools, and anticipate attacker adaptations. This role requires exceptional collaboration across Data Science, Software Engineering, and Machine Learning Research. You’ll work with partner teams to develop strategic, long-term fraud prevention solutions while continuously enhancing your software engineering and machine learning expertise.

Minimum Qualifications

Proven experience in anti-fraud (or similar) with at least two complex investigations in incomplete data environments, demonstrating initiative and measurable impact. 
3+ years of experience with big data tools (SQL, Spark, Splunk, Python, Jupyter Notebook). 
Familiarity with machine learning algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms, and anomaly detection 
Experience collaborating across engineering and non-engineering teams. 

Key Qualifications

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with Python, Scala, Java, or similar, including relevant libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib). 
2+ years of industry software development experience using source control (e.g., Git). 
Hands-on experience implementing machine learning solutions (classifiers, clustering, anomaly detection). 
Advanced degree (MS/PhD) in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research). 
Effective interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. 
Curiosity, integrity, and a passion for learning and enhancing the Apple customer experience. 

Education & Experience

Additional Requirements

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. (https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf)

Apple Footer

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant (Opens in a new window) .

Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. United States Department of Labor. Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program (Opens in a new window) .

Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple is a drug-free workplace. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you’re applying for a position in San Francisco, review the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance guidelines (opens in a new window) applicable in your area.

It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.