Lensa is the leading career site for job seekers at every stage of their career. Our client, Apple, is seeking professionals in Cupertino, CA. Apply via Lensa today!

SoC Machine Learning Design Engineer

Cupertino,California,United States

Hardware

At Apple we believe our products begin with our people. By hiring a diverse team, we drive creative thought. By giving that team everything they need, we drive innovation. By hiring incredible engineers, we drive precision. And through our collaborative process, we build memorable experiences for our customers! These elements come together to make Apple an amazing environment for motivated people to do the greatest work of their lives. You will become part of a hands-on development team that sets the standard in cultivating excellence, creativity and innovation. Come help us design the next generation of revolutionary Apple products. We are looking for a forward-thinking and unusually talented engineer. As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the rare and rewarding opportunity to craft and implement methodologies and solutions with a high impact on upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. In this role, you will be directly involved in our SoC design machine learning efforts, collaborating right alongside our internal multi-functional teams, and using your expertise in machine learning to improve productivity and optimizations across several SoC design related functions spanning from design to validation.

Description

Practical experience and knowledge of generative AI and modern machine learning methods, particularly deep neural networks and reinforcement learning - Solid math background and understanding of algorithms and data structures - Experience with current deep learning frameworks, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, JAX or MLX - Experience with hardware description languages like Verilog, SystemVerilog or VHDL - Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work efficiently in cross-functional teams - Master's or PhD with relevant publications preferred but not required

Minimum Qualifications

Minimum of BS + 10 years relevant industry experience.

Key Qualifications

Preferred Qualifications

As a member of the SoC design machine learning team, you will be part of a dynamic team that is building the most efficient application processors on the planet, powering the next generation of Apple products. 
Your expertise in machine learning will be instrumental in optimizing for efficiency, quality and speed for our chip-design process. 
You’ll play a crucial role in developing generative AI and machine learning solutions for optimizations in RTL Design, Verification, and Power/Performance/Area efforts. 
You will collaborate closely with our internal multi-functional teams as well as the AIML organization at Apple to understand domain-specific needs and tailor machine learning solutions to these domains. 
As part of this role, you will keep abreast of emerging technologies in machine learning and chip design to ensure our solutions remain state-of-the-art. 
Prior leadership experience a plus 

Education & Experience

Additional Requirements

Pay & Benefits

At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $175,800 and $312,200, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation.Learn more (https://www.apple.com/careers/us/benefits.html) about Apple Benefits.Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program. 
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. (https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) 

Apple Footer

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant (Opens in a new window) .

Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. United States Department of Labor. Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program (Opens in a new window) .

Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple is a drug-free workplace. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .

Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you’re applying for a position in San Francisco, review the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance guidelines (opens in a new window) applicable in your area.

It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.