Based in San Francisco, Arine is a rapidly growing healthcare technology and clinical services company with a mission to ensure individuals receive the safest and most effective treatments for their unique and evolving healthcare needs.

Frequently, medications cause more harm than good. Incorrect drugs and doses costs the US healthcare system over $528 billion in waste, avoidable harm, and hospitalizations each year. Arine is redefining what excellent healthcare looks like by solving these issues through our software platform (SaaS). We combine cutting edge data science, machine learning, AI, and deep clinical expertise to introduce a patient-centric view to medication management, and develop and deliver personalized care plans on a massive scale for patients and their care teams.

Arine is committed to improving the lives and health of complex patients that have an outsized impact on healthcare costs and have traditionally been difficult to identify and address. These patients face numerous challenges including complicated prescribing issues across multiple medications and providers, medication challenges with many chronic diseases, and patient issues with access to care. Backed by leading healthcare investors and collaborating with top healthcare organizations and providers, we deliver recommendations and facilitate clinical interventions that lead to significant, measurable health improvements for patients and cost savings for customers.

Why is Arine a Great Place to Work?:

Outstanding Team and Culture - Our shared mission unites and motivates us to do our best work. We have a relentless passion and commitment to the innovation required to be the market leader in medication intelligence.

Making a Proven Difference in Healthcare - We are saving patient lives, and enabling individuals to experience improved health outcomes, including significant reductions in hospitalizations and cost of care.

Market Opportunity - Arine is backed by leading healthcare investors and was founded to tackle one of the largest healthcare problems today. Non-optimized medications therapies which cost the US 275,000 lives and $528 billion annually.

Dramatic Growth - Arine is managing more than 18 million lives across prominent health plans after only 4 years in the market, and was ranked 236 on the 2024 Inc. 5000 list and was named the 5th fastest-growing company in the AI category.

The Role:

This role will involve deriving insights at scale from large, diverse real-world health datasets to support Arine's mission to improve patient outcomes and lower costs of healthcare at scale. This is a dynamic role and an amazing opportunity to help shape the company from the ground up, with many growth opportunities. The Data Science team has very feature-rich, large volumes of medical claims datasets and work collaboratively and cross-functionally, including with an experienced team of in-house clinicians, health economics and outcomes researchers, engineers, and digital health entrepreneurs.

What You'll be Doing:

Develop and deploy advanced predictive ML models and AI-based tools into Arine's medication management platform
Automate model training, evaluation, inference, and monitoring
Establish and maintain a clean code base 
Create presentations and reports to communicate updates to the Data Science team and cross-functional stakeholders
Participate in critical reviews within the Data Science team on everything from methods used to implementation strategy and code

Who You Are and What You Bring:

Masters or PhD degree in Computer Science, Physical Sciences, or related field 
Demonstrated ability to train Deep Learning models using large datasets and deploy models into commercial software products 
Strong solution architecture skills and experience designing end-to-end ML systems that integrate with existing software platforms
Meaningful experience (5+ years) working with healthcare data (e.g., medical and pharmacy claims data)
Experience with PyTorch, Python, scikit-learn, pandas, NumPy, and Snowflake SQL 
Experience working cross-functionally to define analyses objectives and deliver analytical results
Demonstrated ability to work independently, exercise good judgment, prioritize multiple projects, and problem solve under tight deadlines and resource constraints
Excellent written, interpersonal communication and presentation skills, including ability to present complex technical concepts in a clear, concise manner to audiences with varying levels of technical understanding
Experience deploying on AWS with relevant automation services: Batch, Step Function, Lambda, EventBridge. Experience with Cloud Formation is a plus

Remote Work Requirements:

An established private work area that ensures information privacy
A stable high-speed internet connection for remote work

Perks:

Joining Arine offers you a dynamic role and the opportunity to contribute to the company's growth and shape its future. You'll have unparalleled learning and growth prospects, collaborating closely with experienced Clinicians, Engineers, Software Architects, and Digital Health Entrepreneurs.

The posted range represents the expected salary for this position and does not include any other potential components of the compensation package, benefits, and perks. Ultimately, the final pay decision will consider factors such as your experience, job level, location, and other relevant job-related criteria. The salary range for this position is: $180,000-200,000/year.

Job Requirements:

Ability to pass a background check
Must live in and be eligible to work in the United States

Information Security Roles and Responsibilities:

All staff at Arine are expected to be part of its Information Security Management Program and undergo periodic training on Information Security Awareness and HIPAA guidelines. Each user is responsible to maintain a secure working environment and follow all policies and procedures. Upon hire, each person is assigned and must complete trainings before access is granted for their specific role within Arine.

Arine is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace where all employees are treated with fairness and respect. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, or any other legally protected status. Our hiring decisions and employment practices are based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs. We encourage individuals from all backgrounds to apply and join us in our mission.

Check our website at https://www.arine.io. This is a unique opportunity to join a growing start-up revolutionizing the healthcare industry!

Job Offers: Arine uses the arine.io domain and email addresses for all official communications. If you received communication from any other domain, please consider it spam. 

Note to Recruitment Agencies: We appreciate your interest in finding talent for Arine, but please be advised that we do not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies. All resumes submitted to Arine without a prior written agreement in place will be considered property of Arine, and no fee will be paid in the event of a hire. Thank you for your understanding.