About

AI / Machine Learning Researcher At BNY, our culture empowers you to grow and succeed. As a leading global financial services company at the center of the world's financial system we touch nearly 20% of the world's investible assets. Every day around the globe, our 50,000+ employees bring the power of their perspective to the table to create solutions with our clients that benefit businesses, communities and people everywhere. We continue to be a leader in the industry, awarded as a top home for innovators and for creating an inclusive workplace. Through our unique ideas and talents, together we help make money work for the world. This is what is all about. We're seeking a future team member for the role of

AI / Machine Learning Researcher

to join our

AI

ENGINEERING HUB

team. This role is located in Pittsburgh, PA -Hybrid (3 days in office). In this role, you'll make an impact in the following ways: Leads research initiatives, provides strategic direction on AI architecture, technical expertise, and craft strategic approaches on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence products. Hasdeep knowledge of the AI and Machine Learning field, and the practical applications of ML/AI concepts. Conduct technical research studies to provide additional facts needed to make informed strategic decisions. Establishes strong relationships with internal teams to gain an understanding of their strategies, objectives, and tactics to develop a comprehensive success measurement plan. Provides expertise in the most complex processes of integrating ML/AI across existing and modified applications. Collaborates with and supports leaders and their teams from multiple areas of expertise to ensure strategies and data science products are aligned and support business and operating results. Stays abreast of emerging technologies and identifies potential use of new and existing technology within lines of business by participating in industry-wide conferences and research and by having in-depth knowledge of various business areas. Contributes to the achievement of Application Development objectives. Mentors and develops a successful team of machine learning engineers.

To be successful in this role, we're seeking the following: Bachelor's degree in STEM engineering or equivalent work experience required; PHD is preferred. 7-9 years of related experience required; experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus. Published work on top tier AI Conferences Ability to communicate technical ideas and express complex concepts to different types of audience Research experience in AI, Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Natural Language Processing

At BNY, our culture speaks for itself. Here's a few of our awards: America's Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2024 World's Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2024 Human Rights Campaign Foundation, Corporate Equality Index, 100% score, 2023-2024 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion, Disability: IN - 100% score, 2023-2024 "Most Just Companies", Just Capital and CNBC, 2024 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, Top performing company for Sustainability, 2024 Bloomberg's Gender Equality Index (GEI), 2023

Our Benefits and Rewards: BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life's journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.

Nice-to-have skills

Machine Learning
Machine Learning
Artificial Intelligence
Pennsylvania, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning
NLP

Languages

English