About

Overview

Own Your Future.

Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI), is seeking an MBSE/Aerospace Engineer in Niceville, FL.

Why is MTSI known as a Great Place to Work?

Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) is a 100% employee-owned engineering services and solutions company that provides high-demand technical expertise in Digital Transformation, Modeling and Simulation, Rapid Capability Development, Test and Evaluation, Artificial Intelligence, Autonomy, Cybersecurity and Mission Assurance.

Interesting Work: Our co-workers support some of the most important and critical programs to our national defense and security.
Values: Our first core value is that employees come first. We challenge our co-workers to provide the highest level of support and service, and reward them with some of the best benefits in the industry.
100% Employee Ownership: we have a stake in each other's success, and the success of our customers. It's also nice to know what's going on across the company; we have company wide town-hall meetings three times a year.
Great Benefits - Most Full-Time Staff Are Eligible for:
Starting PTO accrual of 20 days PTO/year + 10 holidays/year
Flexible schedules
6% 401k match with immediate vesting
Semi-annual bonus eligibility (July and December)
Company funded Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - a separate qualified retirement account
Up to $10,000 in annual tuition reimbursement
Other company funded benefits, like life and disability insurance
Optional zero deductible Blue Cross/Blue Shield health insurance plan
Track Record of Success: We have grown every year since our founding in 1993

MTSI delivers capabilities to solve problems of global importance. Founded in 1993, MTSI today has employees at over 20 offices and field sites worldwide.

For more information about MTSI, please visit www.mtsi-va.com.

Responsibilities

Support the identification of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies and their potential application to DoD and Commercial customers
Support proposal development for DoD and Commercial opportunities
Explore and understand AI/ML developments and emerging AI-related technologies to understand how they can be integrated into current and potential projects
Participate in peer/technical reviews for developed AI/ML concepts and software
Follow established software development best-practices for open architecture, safety, security and information assurance/cyber security
Follow established regulations, policies, and standards to ensure AI/ML applications are safe, reliable, and robust
Work within a diverse team to develop and integrate AI/ML new and novel concepts
Communicate highly technical problems and solutions at all levels of management

Qualifications

B.S. (or higher) in computer science, data science, engineering, math, statistics, operations research or related field.
Three or more years of experience applying AI/ML concepts to practical DoD or Commercial applications to include algorithm design and implementation within code
Practical programming experience using Python or C++
Ability to obtain a security clearance

Desired Qualifications

Current secret (or higher) security clearance
Experience implementing eveloping Kubernetes YAML files and deploying Kubernetes/Istio objects
CompTIA Security+
AWS Certified
Familiar with the DoD RAI Toolkit and the DoD Task Force Lima GenAI Guidelines and Guardrails
Experience with Java and Java Script

Please Note: U.S. Citizenship is required for most MTSI positions.

Nice-to-have skills

Artificial Intelligence
Machine Learning
Python
C++
Kubernetes
AWS
Java
JavaScript
Oklahoma, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning
Fullstack
Site Reliability (SRE)

Languages

English