Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo One, a fully autonomous ride-hailing service, and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over one million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving tens of millions of miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 13+ U.S. states.

In this role, you'll enhance automation and efficiency, identifying bottlenecks in our ML workflow and developing solutions to accelerate our ML pipeline. You'll build automated pipelines, creating new infrastructure or applying existing tools innovatively. From version control and reproducibility to monitoring and retraining, you'll ensure quality and consistency across all aspects of the process.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager

You Will

Design and implement automated workflows to work towards the ML flywheel for Waymo’s data and model training needs 
Develop tooling and infrastructure to reliably train models for Waymo’s onboard and offboard applications
Accelerate the developer velocity of product and research teams by looking for and addressing bottlenecks in the ML development lifecycle

You Have

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field, and 2+ years equivalent experience
Experience with distributed systems principles and experience building distributed systems for production environments. 
Outstanding programming skills in C++, or Python

We Prefer

Experience with ML Ops principles and best practices

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process.

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$158,000—$200,000 USD