Responsibilities

About The Team

The Applied Machine Learning (AML) team combines system engineering and the art of machine learning to develop and run massively distributed recommendation systems around the world.

In the team, you'll have the opportunity to sharpen your expertise in coding, performance analysis and large system operation, and get heavily involved in the process of hardware/capacity decision-making.

The efficiency tools team needs to provide a high-quality tool platform and technical outputs for the efficient and training of online models and the management of the team's massive hardware resources.

Responsibilities:

Research, design, and develop computer and network software or specialised utility programs.
Analyse user needs and develop software solutions, applying principles and techniques of computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis.
Update software, enhances existing software capabilities, and develops and direct software testing and validation procedures.
Work with computer hardware engineers to integrate hardware and software systems and develop specifications and performance requirements.
Research, design, and develop computer and network software or specialised utility programs.
Analyse user needs and develop software solutions, applying principles and techniques of computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis.
Update software, enhances existing software capabilities, and develops and direct software testing and validation procedures.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 1+ years of relevant experience
Proven experience in analyzing and troubleshooting distributed systems.
Prior experience designing and maintaining large-scale systems.
Experience programming in at least one of the following languages: Python or Golang.
Familiar with components, such as Mysql, Redis, Kafka, Clickhouse, Terraform and K8S, etc.
Expertise in DevOps technologies like Monitor, Alarm, Tracing, CMDB etc.
Experience in building solutions with AWS, Azures, AliCloud or other cloud services.
Familiar with Unix/Linux operating systems.

Preferred Qualifications:

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Strong understanding of code optimizing and routine tasks automation.
Extra points will be given for proficiency in at least one machine learning framework: TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet or PaddlePaddle.
Solid background of algorithms and data structures.

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)

The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $113500 - $250000 annually.

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
Exercising sound judgment.

About Us

Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, Lemon8, CapCut and Pico as well as platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua, ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume, and create content.

Why Join ByteDance

Inspiring creativity is at the core of ByteDance's mission. Our innovative products are built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we work towards every day.

As ByteDancers, we strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our Company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.

Diversity & Inclusion

ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

Reasonable Accommodation

ByteDance is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://tinyurl.com/RA-request