About

Edo partners with utilities to transform commercial buildings into efficient contributors to the electric grid. We have a bold vision: a future where clean energy is reliable, affordable, and empowers communities everywhere. The energy sector is undergoing its most dramatic transformation in decades, with the U.S. power grid being reimagined to meet evolving technological, environmental, and economic needs. Edo develops innovative energy efficiency and demand flexibility solutions that help utilities and building owners navigate this shift while ensuring grid reliability and operational efficiency. Let’s shape the future of energy together. The Opportunity with Edo We are looking for a

Machine Learning Engineer

to join Edo’s R&D team, where you will develop tools to optimize energy use in buildings and implement novel control sequences to shift and shed electrical load in buildings. You will work closely with Edo’s Software Development team to deploy trained models into production; and you will work closely with Edo’s Operations team to evaluate building performance trends and identify measures to improve energy efficiency and occupant comfort. Ideally, you will have industry experience developing production-ready machine learning models and a strong theoretical understanding of machine learning concepts (statistics, time series analysis and forecasting, and optimization). Exceptional candidates will also have experience evaluating energy use in commercial buildings, including HVAC sequences of operation and onsite distributed energy resources (DERs). Our solutions operate on large streaming data sets, and you will gain experience deploying models in the cloud and on edge devices. You will also work closely with domain experts to build a deep understanding of the electricity grid, commercial building optimization, and opportunities for developing sustainable energy systems. What we want you to do: Develop and extend frameworks for time-series analysis and fault detection. Develop and improve machine learning algorithms for energy forecasting and optimal control. Develop automated methods for tuning machine learning models and retraining as necessary. Develop and extend in-house Python visualization libraries for evaluating the performance of machine learning models. What we would like to see from you: Degree in Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, or a closely related quantitative field. Two or more years of experience conducting time series data analysis and developing machine learning models. Experience with machine learning techniques, including: data cleaning and imputation, feature selection, hyperparameter tuning, ensemble modeling, and error analysis. Experience deploying machine learning models to production using Azure, Amazon Web Services, or similar. Excellent communication skills with the ability to engage both technical and non-technical audiences. Strong Python programming skills. What we’d like to see (but not required): Experience with SQL and/or time series databases. Experience with data visualization in Python. Experience using AzureML to train, deploy and evaluate machine learning model performance at scale. Experience with physics-informed machine learning. Experience modeling energy use and/or controls in commercial buildings. PeopleFirst Benefits When it comes to the basics, we have you covered: Competitive pay 401(k) with employer match and profit-sharing plan Paid time off and holidays Comprehensive medical, prescription, dental, and vision with low or zero deductible options and low out of pocket maximums People come first at Edo, and we go beyond the basic benefits with: Family formation benefits, including adoption and IVF assistance Up to 16 weeks paid parental leave Transgender inclusive benefits Commuter benefits Pet insurance “Building Good” paid community service time Learning and advancement opportunities via McKinstry University McKinstry Moves onsite gyms or reimbursement for remote workers See benefit plan documents for complete details. If you’re driven by our vision to build a thriving planet together, Edo is the place to build your career. The pay range for this position is $102,600 - $164,700 per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Base pay information is based on market location. A bonus may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. Edo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and qualified applicants without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, race, color, creed, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to employment, advancement, assignment, and training. This commitment to Equal Employment Opportunity is made equally as a social responsibility and as an economic and business necessity. Edo is a drug-free workplace. Employment is contingent upon successfully passing a pre-employment drug and alcohol test, complying with the requirements of the Immigration Reform and Control Act and a Confidentiality Agreement, in addition to successful outcomes of background and reference checks. Applicants for this role will only be considered if they possess current US Work Authorization, and do not require employer-sponsored VISA support to begin or remain in this role.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Machine Learning
Python
SQL
Azure
Data Visualization
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning
Data Engineer

Languages

English