About

The Company PayPal has been revolutionizing commerce globally for more than 25 years. Creating innovative experiences that make moving money, selling, and shopping simple, personalized, and secure, PayPal empowers consumers and businesses in approximately 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. We operate a global, two-sided network at scale that connects hundreds of millions of merchants and consumers. We help merchants and consumers connect, transact, and complete payments, whether they are online or in person. PayPal is more than a connection to third-party payment networks. We provide proprietary payment solutions accepted by merchants that enable the completion of payments on our platform on behalf of our customers. We offer our customers the flexibility to use their accounts to purchase and receive payments for goods and services, as well as the ability to transfer and withdraw funds. We enable consumers to exchange funds more safely with merchants using a variety of funding sources, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, PayPal and Venmo branded credit products, a credit card, a debit card, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible credit card rewards. Our PayPal, Venmo, and Xoom products also make it safer and simpler for friends and family to transfer funds to each other. We offer merchants an end-to-end payments solution that provides authorization and settlement capabilities, as well as instant access to funds and payouts. We also help merchants connect with their customers, process exchanges and returns, and manage risk. We enable consumers to engage in cross-border shopping and merchants to extend their global reach while reducing the complexity and friction involved in enabling cross-border trade. Our beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We live each day guided by our core values of Inclusion, Innovation, Collaboration, and Wellness. Together, our values ensure that we work together as one global team with our customers at the center of everything we do – and they push us to ensure we take care of ourselves, each other, and our communities. Job Description Summary: PayPal is seeking a talented leader to lead a Merchant personalization AI/ML team, driving the development of AI-driven solutions that will shape the future of PayPal. You will lead a team of ML Scientists and be responsible for managing a portfolio of ML solutions, including personalization, product recommendation and Merchant insights. You will be building and delivering AI driven insights that will help Merchants improve their business leveraging the power of PayPal’s two-sided network. Be part of a high-performing team with start-up culture to build 0-1 initiatives in a very dynamic environment. Be part of building future of PayPal and work on top pillars of corporate strategy! Job Description: Your day to day: Lead the team in charge of Development of Recommender Systems leveraging cutting edge AI/ML techniques, such as graph neural networks and deep learning models. Define an end-to-end vision for domain, including Signal Collection, Consumer Embedding, Product and Merchant Embeddings and retrieval/ranking pipelines. Leverage GenAI tools such as ChatGPT, Gemini and Llamma to accelerate development of recommendation models. Act as a thought leader, staying on top of the latest advancements in Generative AI and integrating innovative technologies into our systems to maintain a competitive edge. Strong problem-solving capabilities and ability to quickly propose feasible solutions and effectively communicate strategy and risk mitigation approaches to leadership. Communicate complex concepts and the results of models and analyses to both technical and non-technical audiences. Influencing partners including product stakeholders. Work in close partnership with our engineering group and PayPal's Platforms organization and drive the adoption of ML/AI solutions throughout the organization. Grow and scale a team of top-performing talent. This position is hybrid and requires in-office presence about 3 days a week in our San Jose, CA Headquarters. What do you need to bring: Strong background in Machine Learning with practical experience in building and implementing large-scale predictive models and recommendation systems. Strengths in Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Recommendation systems, Generative models, and Statistical Analyses. Preferred to have industry expertise in e-commerce recommendations, Ads relevance or other related applications. Excellent communication and collaboration skills with the ability to influence partners and customers with your insights and expertise. Ability to groom senior ICs and Junior Managers. Advanced degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or related fields. 8+ years of machine learning and AI industry experience. 5+ years of experience managing teams of machine learning engineers, modelers, and/or data scientists. Additional Job Description: Subsidiary:

PayPal Travel Percent

0 PayPal is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. Actual Compensation is based on various factors including but not limited to work location, and relevant skills and experience. The total compensation for this practice may include an annual performance bonus (or other incentive compensation, as applicable), equity, and medical, dental, vision, and other benefits. For more information, visit

https://www.paypalbenefits.com . The U.S. national annual pay range for this role is $120300 to $287100. For the majority of employees, PayPal's balanced hybrid work model offers 3 days in the office for effective in-person collaboration and 2 days at your choice of either the PayPal office or your home workspace, ensuring that you equally have the benefits and conveniences of both locations. Our Benefits: At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you. We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more. To learn more about our benefits please visit

https://www.paypalbenefits.com . Who We Are: Click Here

to learn more about our culture and community. Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at

talentaccommodations@paypal.com . Belonging at PayPal: Our employees are central to advancing our mission, and we strive to create an environment where everyone can do their best work with a sense of purpose and belonging. Belonging at PayPal means creating a workplace with a sense of acceptance and security where all employees feel included and valued. We are proud to have a diverse workforce reflective of the merchants, consumers, and communities that we serve, and we continue to take tangible actions to cultivate inclusivity and belonging at PayPal. Any general requests for consideration of your skills, please

Join our Talent Community . We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don’t hesitate to apply.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Machine Learning
Deep Learning
ChatGPT
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning
NLP
Software Architect

Languages

English