About

The Company PayPal has been revolutionizing commerce globally for more than 25 years. Creating innovative experiences that make moving money, selling, and shopping simple, personalized, and secure, PayPal empowers consumers and businesses in approximately 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. We operate a global, two-sided network at scale that connects hundreds of millions of merchants and consumers. We help merchants and consumers connect, transact, and complete payments, whether they are online or in person. PayPal is more than a connection to third-party payment networks. We provide proprietary payment solutions accepted by merchants that enable the completion of payments on our platform on behalf of our customers. We offer our customers the flexibility to use their accounts to purchase and receive payments for goods and services, as well as the ability to transfer and withdraw funds. We enable consumers to exchange funds more safely with merchants using a variety of funding sources, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, PayPal and Venmo branded credit products, a credit card, a debit card, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible credit card rewards. Our PayPal, Venmo, and Xoom products also make it safer and simpler for friends and family to transfer funds to each other. We offer merchants an end-to-end payments solution that provides authorization and settlement capabilities, as well as instant access to funds and payouts. We also help merchants connect with their customers, process exchanges and returns, and manage risk. We enable consumers to engage in cross-border shopping and merchants to extend their global reach while reducing the complexity and friction involved in enabling cross-border trade. Our beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We live each day guided by our core values of Inclusion, Innovation, Collaboration, and Wellness. Together, our values ensure that we work together as one global team with our customers at the center of everything we do – and they push us to ensure we take care of ourselves, each other, and our communities. Job Description Summary: PayPal is seeking a talented Staff Machine Learning Scientist to join our Global Machine Learning team, driving the development of AI-driven solutions that will shape the future of PayPal. You will design and develop ML solutions including personalization, recommendation, and ranking of deals and promotions across our Brands and surfaces including BrainTree, Venmo, and PayPal. Your goal will be to optimize the customer journey through personalized, thrilling experiences. With a strong background in Machine Learning and practical experience in building and implementing large scale predictive models to solve business problems, you will help to bring insights and identify additional opportunities from Data & Machine Learning to market. Job Description: Your day to day: Develop and implement advanced ML models, such as gradient boosted decision trees, graph neural networks, and deep learning models, to solve critical business problems related to recommendation of PayPal products, personalizing product experiences including UI flows, and optimizing the lifecycle of the customers on the platform. Design and deploy scalable generative AI solutions as part of the ecosystem. Design and deploy scalable ML/AI solutions that enhance PayPal's ability to provide a seamless customer experience, by working closely with our engineering group and PayPal's Platforms organization. Communicate complex concepts and the results of models and analyses to both technical and non-technical audiences, influencing partners and customers with your insights and expertise. What do you need to bring: Master's degree or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, etc.) with 5+ years of relevant industry experience or PhD with 4+ years of relevant industry experience. Experience in any one of Recommendation, Ranking, Product, and Marketing domains is a big plus. Proficient in programming languages such as Python and SQL. Familiarity with relevant machine learning frameworks and packages such as TensorFlow and PyTorch. GCP/Hadoop and big data experience is an advantage. Experience leading ML projects and a great track record delivering solutions with attention to detail and efficiency. Experience shipping real-time models is a big plus. Fluent spoken and written English communication with business and engineering partners to exchange requirements, explain solution methodologies, and influence with insights. Additional Job Description: Subsidiary:

PayPal Travel Percent

0 PayPal is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. Actual compensation is based on various factors including but not limited to work location, and relevant skills and experience. The total compensation for this practice may include an annual performance bonus (or other incentive compensation, as applicable), equity, and medical, dental, vision, and other benefits. For more information, visit

https://www.paypalbenefits.com . The U.S. national annual pay range for this role is $96,900 to $234,300. For the majority of employees, PayPal's balanced hybrid work model offers 3 days in the office for effective in-person collaboration and 2 days at your choice of either the PayPal office or your home workspace, ensuring that you equally have the benefits and conveniences of both locations. Our Benefits: At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you. We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee share options, health and life insurance, and more. To learn more about our benefits please visit

https://www.paypalbenefits.com . Who We Are: Click Here

to learn more about our culture and community. Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at

talentaccommodations@paypal.com . Belonging at PayPal: Our employees are central to advancing our mission, and we strive to create an environment where everyone can do their best work with a sense of purpose and belonging. Belonging at PayPal means creating a workplace with a sense of acceptance and security where all employees feel included and valued. We are proud to have a diverse workforce reflective of the merchants, consumers, and communities that we serve, and we continue to take tangible actions to cultivate inclusivity and belonging at PayPal. Any general requests for consideration of your skills, please

Join our Talent Community . We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don’t hesitate to apply.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Machine Learning
Python
SQL
TensorFlow
PyTorch
GCP
Hadoop
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning

Languages

English