About

Machine Learning Engineer, Chicago

Requisition ID

47816 Business Unit:

Fitch Group Category

Information Technology Location:

Chicago, IL, US Date Posted

Mar 20, 2025 Fitch Group is currently seeking a Machine Learning Engineer based out of our Chicago office. As a leading, global financial information services provider, Fitch Group delivers vital credit and risk insights, robust data, and dynamic tools to champion more efficient, transparent financial markets. With over 100 years of experience and colleagues in over 30 countries, Fitch Group’s culture of credibility, independence, and transparency is embedded throughout its structure, which includes Fitch Ratings, one of the world’s top three credit ratings agencies, and Fitch Solutions, a leading provider of insights, data and analytics. The Fitch Group’s AI Implementation Chapter is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to be part of a team dedicated to building and supporting Generative AI, Machine Learning (ML) and Data Science solutions across the Fitch Ratings organization. This position could be based out of our Chicago, London, or Manchester offices. The AI Chapter’s team objectives:

Implement AI & ML Technology In Collaboration With Fitch Ratings Business Partners And Product Squads Develop And Support Enterprise-level AI Exploration Tools And Capabilities Provide Guidance For Efficient And Secure Development And Deployment Of AI Establish And Maintain Guidelines And Processes For AI/ML Governance How You’ll Make An Impact

Work closely with or as part of product squads to build, integrate, and deploy AI and ML solutions, sharing best practices and learnings with other squad members. Effectively communicate data science & ML concepts to stakeholders, focusing on applicability to Fitch use cases. Collaborate in developing and deploying ML & Gen AI solutions to meet enterprise goals and support innovation and experimentation. Collaborate with data scientists to identify innovative solutions that leverage data to meet business objectives. Develop, in collaboration with senior engineers, scalable solutions and workflows that leverage ML & Gen AI to meet enterprise requirements. Support production applications by helping maintain SLAs, using metrics to evaluate and guide the improvement of existing ML solutions. Use AWS and Azure cloud services to provide the necessary infrastructure, resources, and interfaces for data loading and LLM workflows. Use Python and large-scale data workflow orchestration platforms (e.g. Airflow) to build software artifacts for ETL, integrating diverse data formats and storage technologies, and incorporate them into robust data workflows and dynamic systems. Design and develop APIs (e.g. using FastAPI) for integration and deployment of ML models and solutions. You May be a Good Fit if:

Preferred

3+ years of work experience as an AI/ML engineer. Strong adherence to software and ML development fundamentals (e.g., code quality considerations, automated testing, source version control, optimization). Experience in integrating AI solutions into existing workflows. Experience building Generative AI frameworks, leveraging and/or finetuning LLMs (experience building agentic workflows strongly preferred). Experience building/enhancing search and information retrieval systems. Proficiency in ML algorithms, such as multi-class classification, decision trees, support vector machines, and neural networks (deep learning experience strongly preferred). Knowledge of popular Cloud computing vendor (AWS and Azure) infrastructure & services e.g., AWS Bedrock, S3, SageMaker; Azure AI Search, OpenAI, blob storage, etc. Bachelor’s degree (master’s or higher strongly preferred) in machine learning, computer science, data science, applied mathematics or related technical field. What Would Make You Stand Out:

Experience developing/integrating functionality for/in Document Management Systems and content management systems. Experience supporting prototyping teams to enable seamless transition from prototype to development and deployment. Experience building agentic workflows powered by language models. Passion for using data and ML to drive better business outcomes for customers. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work proactively as a team player. Proven ability to work effectively in a distributed team environment and efficiency in fast-paced settings. Proven ability to collaborate with non-AI/ML teams to integrate AI solutions into broader workflows and projects. Experience working with cross-functional teams. Familiarity with credit ratings agencies, regulations, and data products. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Advocate of good code quality and architectural practices. Why Choose Fitch:

Hybrid Work Environment

2 to 3 days a week in office required based on your line of business and location. A Culture of Learning & Mobility:

Dedicated Trainings, Leadership Development And Mentorship Programs Designed To Ensure That Your Time At Fitch Will Be a Continuous Learning Opportunity. Investing In Your Future

Retirement planning and tuition reimbursement programs that empower you to achieve your short and long-term goals. Promoting Health & Wellbeing:

Comprehensive healthcare offerings that enable physical, mental, financial, social, and occupational wellbeing. Supportive Parenting Policies:

Family-friendly Policies, Including a Generous Global Parental Leave Plan, Designed To Help You Balance Career And Family Life Effectively. Inclusive Work Environment

A collaborative workplace where all voices are valued, with Employee Resource Groups that unite and empower our colleagues around the globe. Dedication to Giving Back:

Responsibilities

Paid volunteer days, matched funding for donations and ample opportunities to volunteer in your community. Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interest or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will be asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts prior to commencing employment. If you, or your immediate family, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, you may be asked to divest yourself of them before beginning work. Fitch is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. FOR CHICAGO ROLES ONLY:

Expected base pay rates for the role will be between $90,000 and $125,000 per year. Actual salaries will be determined on an individualized basis and may vary based on factors including but not limited to education, training, experience, past performance, and other job-related factors. Base pay is one part of Fitch’s total compensation package, which, depending on the position, may also include commission earnings, discretionary bonuses, long-term incentives, and other benefits sponsored by Fitch.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Python
AWS
Azure
ETL
Support Vector Machines
Neural Networks
Deep Learning
Illinois, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning

Languages

English