About

Truck drivers are the backbone of the American economy. They move 71% of our freight (~$800bn annually) and make up 6% of the American workforce. But the trucking industry is fragmented, opaque, and structurally misaligned, so drivers end up spending way too much time and money just to access the information they need to run their own businesses. We believe there is a smarter way. Drivers already know what they need to be successful. Our mission is to empower them to do what they do best – and we need your help. We're a Series B company fortunate to work with world-class institutional investors and many of the brightest minds in the business: Tony Xu (Co-Founder & CEO, DoorDash), Ryan Petersen (Co-Founder & CEO, Flexport), Jett McCandless (Founder & CEO, Project44), Zach Perret (Co-Founder & CEO, Plaid), Eric Glyman (Co-Founder & CEO, Ramp), and more. Together we’ve raised $44M. We call ourselves the Load Boars. Wild and free, the Load Boars are a team of industry insiders-turned-outlaws relentlessly putting truck drivers first. As a part of our sounder (that’s what you call a group of boars!), you’ll work with great minds from Uber, Uber Freight, Plaid, DoorDash, Convoy, Stripe, Strava, Amazon, Square, and Dropbox, among others, to overhaul outdated systems and build new ones. What it’s like to work here

You’ll work with (really) smart people. You’ll build extraordinary solutions. You’ll better the lives of real people, every day. Ownership

Own your work, ship weekly, and take your projects across the finish line Learn (a lot) from your teammates and help others grow and develop Work with experienced people committed to creating something magical Solve technical challenges, shape the product, and have a seat at the table Diversity

Work with people from different backgrounds and work experiences Community

Hear directly from our users and share progress at our weekly forum Our values

We’re a mission-driven company, and our core values empower our users, drive our decision-making, and define our culture. Our company & benefits

We’re a hybrid company with offices in San Francisco and Chicago, but you’ll work with talent from all over U.S. And as a part of our growing team, you’ll have the support you need, in and out of the office. Competitive salary and equity 100% of premiums, 75% for dependents Unlimited PTO Monthly wellness stipend Parental leave Relocation support to move to SF or Chicago

#J-18808-Ljbffr

California, United States

Languages

English