About

About Anthropic

Anthropic’s Mission Is To Create Reliable, Interpretable, And Steerable AI Systems. We Want AI To Be Safe And Beneficial For Our Users And For Society As a Whole. Our Team Is a Quickly Growing Group Of Committed Researchers, Engineers, Policy Experts, And Business Leaders Working Together To Build Beneficial AI Systems. About The Role:

You want to build the cutting-edge systems that train AI models like Claude. You're excited to work at the frontier of machine learning, implementing and improving advanced techniques to create ever more capable, reliable and steerable AI. As an ML Systems Engineer on our Reinforcement Learning Engineering team, you'll be responsible for the critical algorithms and infrastructure that our researchers depend on to train models. Your work will directly enable breakthroughs in AI capabilities and safety. You'll focus obsessively on improving the performance, robustness, and usability of these systems so our research can progress as quickly as possible. You're energized by the challenge of supporting and empowering our research team in the mission to build beneficial AI systems. Our finetuning researchers train our production Claude models, and internal research models, using RLHF and other related methods. Your job will be to build, maintain, and improve the algorithms and systems that these researchers use to train models. You’ll be responsible for improving the speed, reliability, and ease-of-use of these systems. You may be a good fit if you:

Have 4+ Years Of Software Engineering Experience Like Working On Systems And Tools That Make Other People More Productive Are Results-oriented, With a Bias Towards Flexibility And Impact Pick Up Slack, Even If It Goes Outside Your Job Description Enjoy Pair Programming (we Love To Pair!) Want To Learn More About Machine Learning Research Care About The Societal Impacts Of Your Work Strong Candidates May Also Have Experience With:

Python Implementing LLM finetuning algorithms, such as RLHF Representative projects:

Profiling Our Reinforcement Learning Pipeline To Find Opportunities For Improvement Building a System That Regularly Launches Training Jobs In a Test Environment So That We Can Quickly Detect Problems In The Training Pipeline Making Changes To Our Finetuning Systems So They Work On New Model Architectures Building Instrumentation To Detect And Eliminate Python GIL Contention In Our Training Code Diagnosing Why Training Runs Have Started Slowing Down After Some Number Of Steps, And Fixing It Implementing a Stable, Fast Version Of a New Training Algorithm Proposed By a Researcher Deadline To Apply:

None. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. The expected salary range for this position is: $315,000 - $425,000 USD Logistics

Education Requirements:

We require at least a Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience.

Location-based hybrid policy:

Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices. Visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.

Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team. How we're different

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work with us!

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Apply for this job

indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf (Optional) Personal Preferences * How do you pronounce your name? Website Publications (e.g. Google Scholar) URL Are you open to working in-person in one of our offices 25% of the time? * Select... When is the earliest you would want to start working with us? Do you have any deadlines or timeline considerations we should be aware of? AI Policy for Application * Select... While we encourage people to use AI systems during their role to help them work faster and more effectively, please do not use AI assistants during the application process. We want to understand your personal interest in Anthropic without mediation through an AI system, and we also want to evaluate your non-AI-assisted communication skills. Please indicate 'Yes' if you have read and agree. Why Anthropic? * Why do you want to work at Anthropic? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words.) Will you now or will you in the future require employment visa sponsorship to work in the country in which the job you're applying for is located? * Select... Do you require visa sponsorship? * Select... Additional Information * Add a cover letter or anything else you want to share. LinkedIn Profile Please ensure to provide

either

your LinkedIn profile or Resume, we require at least one of the two. Are you open to relocation for this role? * Select... What is the address from which you plan on working? If you would need to relocate, please type "relocating". Have you ever interviewed at Anthropic before? * Select... Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Anthropic’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Select... Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability

Form CC-305 Page 1 of 1 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 04/30/2026 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Form CC-305 Page 1 of 1 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 04/30/2026 Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years. Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp . How do you know if you have a disability? A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability.

Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally) Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer (past or present) Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or serious difficulty hearing Diabetes Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders Epilepsy or other seizure disorder Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual or developmental disability Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS) Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities Partial or complete paralysis (any cause) Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema Short stature (dwarfism) Traumatic brain injury Disability Status Select... PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Python
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning
Data Engineer
Data Analyst

Languages

English