About

W-2 Open Positions Need to be Filled Immediately. Consultant must be on our company payroll, Corp-to-Corp (C2C) is not allowed. Candidates encouraged to apply directly using this portal. We do not accept resumes from other company/third-party recruiters. Job Overview

Job ID

J36993 Specialized Area:

Machine Learning Job Title

Machine Learning Sr Software Engineer Location:

To Be Discussed Later Duration

11 Months Employment Type:

W-2 (Consultant must be on our company payroll. C2C is not allowed) Minimum Required Skills:

Hibernate, SaaS, Machine Learning, Python, Application If you are a Machine Learning Sr Software Engineer with experience, please read on! Immediately hiring an experienced Machine Learning professional. The Machine Learning team builds mathematical and behavioral models underpinning core solutions for actionable analytics and behavioral intelligence. The set of problems that we tackle is incredibly diverse and complex. They cut across optimization, prediction, modeling, inference, and behavioral science. We research and develop the algorithms and models that make our solution intelligent, as well as implementing, scaling, and maintaining the code that powers our production systems. You will participate in the entire research and development lifecycle, help to shape and refine requirements, own the design for your components, and write the code to implement important new capabilities we are adding to our product. ROBOTICS TECHNOLOGIES LLC is an equal opportunity employer inclusive of female, minority, disability, and veterans (M/F/D/V). Hiring, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, citizenship/immigration status, veteran status, or any other protected status. ROBOTICS TECHNOLOGIES LLC will not make any posting or employment decision that does not comply with applicable laws relating to labor and employment, equal opportunity, employment eligibility requirements, or related matters. Nor will ROBOTICS TECHNOLOGIES LLC require in a posting or otherwise U.S. citizenship or lawful permanent residency in the U.S. as a condition of employment except as necessary to comply with law, regulation, executive order, or federal, state, or local government contract.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Hibernate
Machine Learning
Python
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning

Languages

English