About

Meta is embarking on the most transformative change to its business and technology in company history, and our Machine Learning Engineers are at the forefront of this evolution. By leading crucial projects and initiatives that have never been done before, you have an opportunity to help us advance the way people connect around the world. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working on a range of recommendation, classification, and optimization problems. You will bring the ability to own the whole ML life-cycle, define projects and drive excellence across teams. You will work alongside the world’s leading engineers and researchers to solve some of the most exciting and massive social data and prediction problems that exist on the web. Software Engineer, Machine Learning Responsibilities

Develop highly scalable classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning, data regression, and rules based models. Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create effective feature roadmap. Code deliverables in tandem with the engineering team. Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU). Minimum Qualifications

2+ years of programming experience in a relevant programming language. 2+ years of hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, data mining or artificial intelligence. 2+ years relevant experience using frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow or equivalent. Proven experience to translate insights into business recommendations. Experience building and shipping high quality work and achieving high reliability. Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta. Preferred Qualifications

Exposure to architectural patterns of large scale software applications. PhD degree or research focused Master degree in ML areas. For those who live in or expect to work from California if hired for this position, please click here for additional information. About Meta

Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics. $56.25/hour to $173,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications, experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about benefits at Meta. Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, fill out the

Accommodations request form . Apply for this job. Take the first step toward a rewarding career at Meta. Explore jobs that match your skills and experience. Search by technology, team or location to find an opening that’s right for you.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Machine Learning
Classification
Optimization
Programming
PyTorch
TensorFlow
Pattern Recognition
Data Mining
Artificial Intelligence
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning

Languages

English