About

Bay Area, CA, US Posted Date: 03/21/25 Posted 2 days ago The Role We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Senior Machine Learning Engineer with a specialization in Modeling to join our Go-To-Market (GTM) Expansion ML team at Square. Our team is dedicated to developing machine learning solutions that drive Square Seller growth by focusing on three key areas: Churn & Retention, Product Recommendations, and Customer Engagement Enrichment. The successful candidate will play a crucial role in executing our long-term strategy, enhancing seller retention, growth, and support. As a Senior MLE, you will drive the development and maintenance of predictive models that power our GTM efforts and collaborate closely with stakeholders to align solutions with our campaigns and outreach strategies. You Will Develop and implement machine learning and deep learning models for churn risk assessment and product recommendations, analyzing seller activity across Square's ecosystem of payments, banking, and SaaS products. Design and build systems that utilize Generative AI, such as Large Language Models (LLMs), to address critical GTM business challenges and enhance interactions with Square sellers. Advocate for engineering best practices, and contribute to the upskilling of the team. Drive end-to-end cross-functional machine learning projects: build relationships with partner teams, frame problem statements, collect and analyze data, research and build prototypes, and productionize ML solutions by designing and developing their full pipelines. Help build the next generation of AI applications for GTM & Sales/AM teams at Square. You Have 6+ years of experience in ML software development. Understanding of and experience with the entire ML development lifecycle, including project setup, data pipelines, model training/serving, and monitoring. A track record of designing and maintaining production-level machine learning systems. Experience with large language models and generative AI. Strong grasp of computer science fundamentals. Proficient coding skills and comfort with coding in production systems. Commitment to writing clean and maintainable code. Interest in helping to shape the mission and roadmap of the team, rallying others to join you. Effective communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences. Eagerness to share your own ideas and openness to considering those of others. We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is an equal opportunity employer evaluating all employees and job applicants without regard to identity or any legally protected class. We will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Block takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future. To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. Zone A: $189,000 — $283,600 USD Zone B: $179,600 — $269,400 USD Zone C: $170,100 — $255,100 USD Zone D: $160,700 — $241,100 USD Every benefit we offer is designed with one goal: empowering you to do the best work of your career while building the life you want. Remote work, medical insurance, flexible time off, retirement savings plans, and modern family planning are just some of our offerings. Block, Inc. (NYSE: XYZ) builds technology to increase access to the global economy. Each of our brands unlocks different aspects of the economy for more people. Square makes commerce and financial services accessible to sellers. Cash App is the easy way to spend, send, and store money. Afterpay is transforming the way customers manage their spending over time. TIDAL is a music platform that empowers artists to thrive as entrepreneurs. Bitkey is a simple self-custody wallet built for bitcoin. Proto is a suite of bitcoin mining products and services. Together, we’re helping build a financial system that is open to everyone.

#J-18808-Ljbffr

Nice-to-have skills

Machine Learning
Deep Learning
Computer Science
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning

Languages

English