Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe's all about. We give everyone-from emerging artists to global brands-everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We're passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!

We at the Experience Intelligence team are looking for a passionate Senior Full-stack ML Engineer to join our Content Generation team! Together, we'll transform research-level proof of concepts into production systems like Genstudio for Performance Marketing. We are on a mission to empower our customers to generate high-performing, on-brand marketing content at scale, and your work will directly drive this mission forward.

In this role, you'll drive system design, assess ML models, develop production data/ML pipelines, create automation architecture, build visualizations, and deploy systems. We've built a diverse, lively group of engineers and scientists with deep roots in the ML space, and we're excited for you to bring your creativity to our multidimensional, fast-paced, and data-driven environment!

What you'll do with us:

You'll train and finetune ML models that solve business use cases and handle data at scale.
We'll work together to architect and optimize end-to-end ML pipelines, ensuring they're scalable, efficient, and robust.
You'll dive deep into data to recommend the right models, evaluation metrics, and governance approaches.
Throughout the product lifecycle, you'll engage in architecture, design, deployment, and production operations of ML models and systems.

What will help you thrive:

We're looking for someone with a PhD or postgraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field-or equivalent experience.
You should bring 5+ years of proven experience as a Machine Learning Engineer with successful delivery of ML projects to customers, and 2+ years of hands-on experience working with generative AI technologies such as LLMs, evaluations, fine-tuning, and more.
Your strong Python and deep learning engineering skills, paired with experience in training and inferencing with PyTorch or TensorFlow, will be essential.
Experience with LLM frameworks and tools like Hugging Face, LangChain, PEFT, and LlamaIndex will help you make an immediate impact.
Knowledge of deployment technologies such as Docker, ML Ops, and ML services is valuable, and experience with cloud platforms like Azure and AWS is a plus.
We value excellent problem-solving abilities and your capacity to analyze complex issues and drive solutions with a data-driven approach.
Your strong verbal and written communication skills and success in cross-functional team environments will help us all succeed together.

What we offer:

We provide competitive compensation, comprehensive health benefits, flexible work arrangements, and opportunities for continued learning and development. Our collaborative culture encourages growth, innovation, and making a real impact in the field of machine learning and AI.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.

Application Window Notice

If this role is open to hiring in Colorado (as listed on the job posting), the application window will remain open until at least 12:01 AM Pacific Time, in compliance with Colorado pay transparency regulations. If this role does not have Colorado listed as a hiring location, no specific application window applies, and the posting may close at any time based on hiring needs.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $142,700 -- $257,600 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.

At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).

In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.

Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and "fair chance" ordinances.

Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.

Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email or call .

Adobe values a free and open marketplace for all employees and has policies in place to ensure that we do not enter into illegal agreements with other companies to not recruit or hire each other's employees.