About

Why PlayStation? PlayStation isn't just the Best Place to Play - it's also the Best Place to Work. Today, we're recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more. PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team. The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. Sr. Machine Learning Software Engineer - D2C - SPOC Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) PlayStation | San Diego, CA Who We Are At Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) PlayStation, we create unforgettable gaming experiences-and we're equally dedicated to building a world-class team. As a leader in interactive entertainment, PlayStation operates at massive scale, supporting millions of players worldwide and processing billions of transactions annually across our digital ecosystem. OurStore Publishing Operations & Commerce (SPOC) team is responsible for ensuring trust, security, and seamless transactions across PlayStation's digital store. We provide data-driven solutions to support platform services, customer experience, payments, fraud prevention, and risk management. Using advanced analytics and machine learning/AI, we help protect the commerce ecosystem, facilitate business growth, and optimize player experiences. About the Role This position is a hands-on engineering role with a broad range of responsibilities, from evolving and supporting machine learning/AI pipelines to building low-latency, high-throughput systems. You should be well-versed in running applications at internet scale on modern cloud architectures (e.g., AWS) using containerized and serverless workflows. If you're passionate about large-scale machine learning projects, experimentation, automation, or real-time risk mitigation, we'd love to connect with you. Key Responsibilities Create Cloud Solutions : Design and implement cloud solutions using AWS to ensure high performance, scalability, and reliability.

Core Infrastructure Development : Develop and maintain core infrastructure for data streaming and processing, applying industry standards and innovative solutions.

ML/AI Pipeline Enhancement : Build and enhance ML/AI pipelines supporting automation, experimentation, continuous integration/delivery, verification/validation, and model monitoring.

Automated Deployment : Ensure all work is deployed in an automated, repeatable fashion, optimizing infrastructure for cost and efficiency.

Service Availability : Guarantee high levels of service availability through being a part of an on-call rotation, following best practices for disaster recovery and business continuity.

Qualifications and Education Requirements Educational Background : Bachelor's degree with 5+ years of related experience

Coding Proficiency : Demonstrated experience with Java and Python

AWS Services Competency : Proficiency with common AWS services (EKS/ECS, Kinesis, Lambda, DynamoDB, SNS, SQS)

Systems Monitoring and Analytics : Experience with systems monitoring, alerting, and analytics tools like Datadog, Splunk, New Relic, or AWS CloudTrail

Communication Skills : Strong communication skills to collaborate with multi-functional teams Container Orchestration : Experience with container orchestration and management (e.g., Kubernetes)

Data Science & Machine Learning : Basic knowledge of Data Science, Machine Learning, and Large Language Models (LLMs)

Preferred Skills AWS Certification

Stream Processing Expertise : Experience with streams at internet scale (e.g., Kinesis, Kafka, ActiveMQ)

Linux Knowledge : General knowledge of Linux

We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you've spent in contacting us, and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation. Please refer to ourCandidate Privacy Noticefor more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights. At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each role's base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.

Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location.

In addition, this role is eligible for SIE's top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here

to learn more. The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below. $172,100—$258,100 USD

Equal Opportunity Statement: Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy, maternity or parental status, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category. We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond. PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.

Nice-to-have skills

Java
Python
AWS
Lambda
DynamoDB
Splunk
Kubernetes
Kafka
ActiveMQ
Linux
California, United States

Work experience

Machine Learning

Languages

English