Organisation/Company: Instituto de Catálisis y Petroleoquímica

Department: Biocatalysis

Research Field: Biological sciences » Biological engineering

Researcher Profile: First Stage Researcher (R1)

Positions: PhD Positions

Country: Spain

Application Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 - 12:00 (Europe/Madrid)

Type of Contract: Temporary

Job Status: Full-time

Hours Per Week: 37.5

Is the job funded through the EU Research Framework Programme?

Not funded by a EU programme

Is the Job related to staff position within a Research Infrastructure?

No

Offer DescriptionThe Systems Biotechnology group (https://sysbio.csic.es/), located in the Instituto de Catálisis Petroleoquímica - Spanish National Research Council (ICP-CSIC), is seeking a hard-working and enthusiastic graduate student with a Master's degree to pursue a PhD in the field of Biotechnology, Bioinformatics, and Machine Learning approaches as part of a 3-year contract (Category M3; gross salary is 2,318.93 euros in 14 payments) bound to the project BIORE2AIRCRAFT, funded by the Regional Government of Madrid under the framework of "César Nombela" Talent Attraction Grant (ref.

2024-T1ECO-31227).

The objective is to implement Bioinformatics and Machine Learning tools to identify and de novo design enzymes capable of degrading organic polymers and composite materials.

These enzymes will later be integrated into microbes using synthetic biology techniques.

To achieve the project's objectives, the following specific tasks are proposed:

Generate structural models of target proteins/enzymes using AlphaFold or related tools;Apply machine learning methods to predict the properties of these proteins/enzymes, including their expression and activity levels;Utilize state-of-the-art molecular modeling to map the protein–ligand interaction energy landscape for biocatalyst screening and engineering.Candidates must have a degree in biotechnology or a related field.

A minimum grade average score of 8.0/10 is required.

Proficiency in English is expected.

Previous experience in biotechnological, biocatalysts, bioinformatics, and computational research will be valued.

ApplicationThe contract will be processed through the CSIC job placement pool, so registration in it is required.

Interested candidates should submit their CV and all certifying documents through the CSIC job placement application (https://www.csic.es/es/formacion-y-empleo/bolsa-de-empleo).

Once registered and the documentation has been submitted, the CSIC will publish the score based on the candidate's merits, and the candidate will be eligible for the contract.

Also, they can send the CV to Rafael Bargiela (******).

Research Field: Biological sciences » Biological engineering

Education Level: Master Degree or equivalent

Skills/QualificationsDegree in Biotechnology or similar field.Master degree in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology.Specific RequirementsExperience using computational tools for protein structure analysis (i.e.

AlphaFold2, RoseTTA, ESMFold).Experience using computational tools for protein modelling and design (i.e.

ProtGPT2, pyMol).Experience using AI and Machine/Deep learning tools.Programming skills in Python and/or Perl.Programming skill in R.Proficiency in English is expected.Years of Research Experience: 1 - 4

Additional InformationWork Location(s)Number of offers available: 1

Company/Institute: Instituto de Catálisis y Petroleoquímica

Country: Spain

State/Province: Madrid

City: Madrid

Postal Code: 28049

Street: Marie Curie 2

#J-18808-Ljbffr