Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.

At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device. We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.

A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.

As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer with the Creator Services Machine Intelligence Team, you will build NLP, speech, computer vision and imitation learning systems to bring the latest machine learning technology to our creators and help them create experiences at scale. You will work on large language models, machine translation models, speech generation models, vison language models, and reinforcement learning to enhance user interactions and user / creator experience.

You Will

Design and implement deep learning ML / AI solutions that address problems across Roblox.
Have the independence, opportunity and the end-to-end responsibility to develop ML / AI services within the Roblox ecosystem
Guide the future technical direction of the team and have impact on engineering
Be a technical bar-raiser for cutting-edge ML technology, high code quality, architectural designs, and long-term approaches
Balance researching new technologies with a practical approach to accomplish the research efforts into the Roblox products
Design systems and services that are scalable and resilient
Collaborate with passionate Engineers, Product Managers and other Roblox team members

You Have

Possess or pursuing a Ph.D. or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a similar technical degree.
Experienced with deep neutral network model (e.g., transformers, diffusion models) design, training, serving and product integration
Experienced at creating NLP / ML applications at scale
Knowledgeable with speech models, compter vision, reinforcement learning and imitation learning
Proficient in Python, C# or similar programming languages
Understanding of SQL and databases at scale
Product-minded with an interest in understanding the end-user

You may redact age, date of birth, and dates of attendance/graduation from your resume if you prefer.

For roles that are based at our headquarters in San Mateo, CA: The starting base pay for this position is as shown below. The actual base pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. Therefore, in some circumstances, the actual salary could fall outside of this expected range. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All full-time employees are also eligible for equity compensation and for benefits.

Annual Salary Range

$218,540—$218,540 USD

Roles that are based in our San Mateo, CA Headquarters are in-office Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional in-office on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).

You’ll Love

Industry-leading compensation package
Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage
A rewarding 401k program
Flexible vacation policy (varies by exemption status)
Roflex - Flexible and supportive work policy 
Roblox Admin badge for your avatar
At Roblox HQ: 
Free catered lunches five times a week and several fully stocked kitchens with unlimited snacks
Onsite fitness center and fitness program credit
Annual CalTrain Go Pass
Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations for all candidates during the interview process.