About Lightfield

Lightfield is a new kind of CRM.

It's a collaborative system for founders to find, understand, and serve customers faster than anything before it.

It captures every customer interaction, generates and performs followup actions, and answers questions about your go-to-market using knowledge obtained in real time.

Our system is tuned and customized by a team of experienced sellers, engineers, and researchers. Many of us worked on large-scale products including Llama, Messenger, Instagram, Pinterest, and Linkedin before this.

Lightfield.app

About The Role

Lightfield's AI/ML team builds the experiences at the core of our product, developing new applications to wow our customers.

Today, the team is focused on building a powerful, domain-specific AI that outperforms generic LLMs

We’re inspired by the challenge of creating innovative new AI products for people doing serious work, and we’re looking to grow our AI/ML team to meet that challenge.

Key Responsibilities

Lead the development of ML product development infrastructure, focusing on scaling and innovating in areas of collaboration and versioning, particularly in the context of LLM model training and prompting
Create and maintain a platform that will be used by multiple teams working on ML products, ensuring its scalability, efficiency, and user-friendliness. 
Collaborate closely with internal teams to integrate ML solutions and define best practices for software engineering in an AI-driven development landscape. 
Help build a world-class AI/ML engineering team by recruiting and mentoring teammates
Address and solve open-ended technological challenges in software engineering at scale, especially in the context of AI-driven systems. 

Who You Are

You have a BS or MS degree in CS, Engineering, AI or a related field. 
6+ years experience in software engineering with a focus on ML infrastructure. 
You have a strong understanding of deep learning AI/ML frameworks or cloud services
Experience with the integration of software engineering with large language models. 
Ability to navigate and solve open-ended technological challenges in a fast-evolving AI landscape. 
Excellent collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with both internal teams and external partners. 
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to handle complex, cross-functional projects. 

Bonus Points

Publications in applied AI/ML scientific journals
Experience navigating open source/vendor solutions in LLM ops space (LangChain, Llama, Pinecone, etc)

Compensation Range: $180K - $270K