Company Description
We want to make talking to AIs as human as possible.

Today, the highest adoption for voice-first AI interaction is happening in telephony voice agents. But, our personal interactions with banks / medical providers (e.g. GPs) / government (e.g. HMRC) has not changed at all; it’s still the same long queue times, or IVR systems. This is because the current AI telephony voice agent stack is broken - success rates are low, it’s a slow process to get them to work reliably. And this is just in carefully crafted low-risk scenarios where call times are shorter than 2 minutes.

The problems preventing adoption can’t be solved by any amount of data, and we’re re-architecting the underlying machine learning models (speech-to-text, text-to-speech, and LLMs) from the ground up to solve this.

The company was founded by Sid, one of the first 5 technical employee at Wayve.ai (which recently raised $1bn dollars), and Vatsal (who was critical in building Alexa’s first deep learning voice, and studied+taught Maths & CS at Cambridge). Our team is passionate and driven by building products that are deeply loved by the people who use them.

We’re backed by top tier US and European VCs and angels like ex-CTO of CoinBase, ex-VP of Twitter, and ex-CEO of Wayve.ai.

Requirements and Experience
Senior: EITHER
exceptional projects in this space built in spare time along with 2+ years of industry experience in applied research setting OR
1+ of years of extremely relevant experience

Junior/mid-level:
0-2 years of experience + projects training SOTA GenAI models in spare time

What we offer
Environment to do the best work of your life.
Small team, great people.
Opportunity to make cutting-edge research work from scratch for production scenarios
Work with 10s-100s of TBs of data, and >1-10B parameter models.
Change the world (when we succeed): calls will never be the same again
We’ll provide immigration support, we are immigrants ourselves.
Significant equity.

Interview Process
We move with speed, and aim to go from first interview to offer within a week.
Quick 15 mins chat with one of the founders
Take home task and/or 1-3 technical interviews (depending on preferences)
2x Culture interview with co-founders
Paid “work together” session
Offer