Responsibilities

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and its offices include New York, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.

Why Join Us

Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our products are built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make our innovations possible. Together, we inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we aim towards achieving every day. To us, every challenge, no matter how ambiguous, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always. At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact-for ourselves, our company, and the users we serve. Join us.

The e-commerce alliance team aims to serve merchants and creators in the e-commerce platform to meet merchants' business indicators and improve creators' creative efficiency. By cooperating with merchants and creators, we aim to provide high-quality content and a personalized shopping experience for TikTok users, create efficient shopping tools at seller centers, and promote cooperation between merchants and creators.

Job Responsibilities

Design and build large-scale machine learning algorithms to deeply optimize e-commerce search engines such as ranking, query analysis, and correlation calculation and various business indicators of sorting scenarios, including relevance, click-through rate, conversion rate, etc.
Build machine learning solutions and algorithm strategies by the analysis and mining of a large number of user query to empower the merchant side and improve the overall matching ability of the platform
Use the large scale of data to deeply analyze the behavior of creators and merchants and build targeted algorithm strategies to empower creators and merchants, improve merchants' monetization efficiency, and boost industrial upgrading
Support the rapid development of TikTok's e-commerce business, serve millions of merchants, explore more efficient business models, satisfy users with the best shopping experience, and promote healthy ecological development

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications

Proficient in at least one programming language: c++, python, shell, and other programming skills, with a solid programming foundation and good programming style
Experience in algorithm development, familiar with the application and optimization of Sparse LR, DFFM, Deep&Wide, and DSSM on large-scale sparse data
Familiar with at least one mainstream deep learning programming framework (TensorFlow/Caffe/MXNet), familiar with commonly used deep learning algorithms

Preferred Qualifications

Able to solve problems independently, good sense of teamwork and communication skills;
Experience in search engines, recommendation systems, and computational advertising-related fields is preferred.

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://shorturl.at/cdpT2

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)

The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $145000 - $250000 annually.

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
Exercising sound judgment.